text	category
The spirals of hyperinflation developed in Brazil, Israel, and Nicaragua are revisited.	Finance
These matrices, a generalization of Morse boundary operators from classical Morse theory, capture the connections made by the flows among the critical structures - such as attractors, repellers, and orbits - in a vector field.	Mathematics
We suggest an axiomatic study of allocation mechanisms, that is, the mechanisms that transform feasible allocations into other feasible allocations, in the presence of such transfer costs.	Economics
Moreover, we document that individuals from vertically reserved categories have more complicated preferences over institution-vertical category position pairs, even though authorities only elicit their preferences over institutions.	Economics
Here, we derive a general kinetic model for the competitive binding kinetics of different types of ligands to a linear polymer, using the McGhee and von Hippel detailed binding site counting procedure.	Biology
With this high contrast we demonstrate resonant excitation of an InGaAs quantum dot - microcavity based single photon source, demonstrating a crucial technology for scalability and synchronization of large scale photonic quantum applications.	Physics
By employing a distribution-matching approach, DTIL mitigates compounding errors and scales effectively to long horizons and continuous state representations.	AI
This study reported that Social Islamic Bank Limited exhibits superior accounting performance whereas Islami Bank Bangladesh Limited holds better market performance.	Finance
In this work, we aim to compress the vision tokens of a Large Vision Language Model (LVLM) into a representation that is simultaneously suitable for (a) generative and (b) discriminative tasks, (c) is nearly lossless, and (d) is storage-efficient.	AI
We present an iterative procedure that systematically finds a Nash equilibrium outcome under semi-complete information as well as a novel ascending auction under incomplete information that has this outcome as a dominant strategy equilibrium.	Economics
We train a model to align various modalities with text, leveraging its rich semantic information.	AI
In this paper we take on the challenges of measuring the complexity of a financial institution and to that end explore the use of the structure of an individual firm's control hierarchy as a proxy for institutional complexity.	Finance
Here, we propose and experimentally demonstrate a reconfigurable flat optical image processor using low-loss phase-change nonlocal metasurfaces.	Physics
In particular, our result implies that for any $\infty$-topos, the global sections functor is proper if and only if it preserves filtered colimits.	Mathematics
The Secured Overnight Funding Rate (SOFR) is becoming the main Risk-Free Rate benchmark in US dollars, thus interest rate term structure models need to be updated to reflect the key features exhibited by the dynamics of SOFR and the forward rates implied by SOFR futures.	Finance
To address this, we propose a teleology-driven affective computing framework that unifies major emotion theories (basic emotion, appraisal, and constructivist approaches) under the premise that affect is an adaptive, goal-directed process that facilitates survival and development.	AI
This paper develops a dynamic model to analyze the general equilibrium of the insurance market, focusing on the interaction between insurers' underwriting and investment strategies.	Economics
We argue that the forgetting phenomena are not invariably detrimental.	AI
In terms of generating revenue, the classic result shows that 3PD is at least as good as uniform pricing.	Economics
We introduce ARACNE, a fully autonomous LLM-based pentesting agent tailored for SSH services that can execute commands on real Linux shell systems.	AI
Olympic costs are subject to infinite mean and variance, with dire consequences for predictability and planning.	Finance
It was found that there are two pairs of similar models (Bank of America/Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs/JPMorgan Chase) with a standalone model for Franklin Resources.	Finance
Much as they are widely used, their fundamental construction and description are often qualitative and lack an understanding of the underlying physical principles.	Physics
Our framework proves effective, outperforming state-of-the-art (SOTA) baseline models on benchmark datasets.	Biology
The Hom complex $\mathrm{Hom}(G, H)$ of graphs is a simplicial complex associated to a pair of graphs $G$ and $H$, and its homotopy type is of interest in the graph coloring problem and the homomorphism reconfiguration problem.	Mathematics
This literature review aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the utilization of LAMMPS in the field of biomedical applications.	Biology
These are divided into income classes and may as well have different tax evasion behaviors.	Finance
This collective nature triggers the emergence of a long evolutionary time scale, separating fast mutational processes inside a given sequence context, from the slow evolution of the context itself.	Biology
In this work, optimized nozzle shapes have been designed for a wide range of polymer melts to be used in extrusion-based additive manufacturing, which aims to minimize pressure drop and allow greater flow control at large extrusion velocities.	Physics
Wealthy players have few personal enemies, but show animosity towards players that behave as public enemies.	Finance
The work addresses the issue of precision measurement of the concentration of molecular gas components in the atmosphere and their isotopic composition.	Physics
This direct policy guidance method provides a general and effective curriculum learning technique for RL-based truck dispatching, enabling future work on advanced architectures.	AI
Artificial intelligence (AI) promises to revolutionize the design, optimization and management of next-generation communication systems.	AI
Topological data analysis is an emerging field that applies the study of topological invariants to data.	Mathematics
Water plays a fundamental role in the structure and function of proteins and other biomolecules.	Biology
The positive and significant risk-return trade-off is essentially observed during low volatility periods.	Finance
We show versions of Atiyah's $L^{2}$-index theorem in coarse homotopy theory and apply them to give a new argument for the corresponding step in Higson's counterexample to the coarse Baum-Connes conjecture.	Mathematics
Here we highlight a duality-symmetric formulation of on-shell 11d supergravity on superspace, observe that this naturally lends itself to completion of the theory by flux quantization, and indeed that 11d super-spacetimes are put on-shell by carrying quantizable duality-symmetric super-C-field flux; the proof of which we present in detail.	Mathematics
To enable work in fundamental algorithms as well as domain applications in AML and beyond, we introduce Elliptic2, a large graph dataset containing 122K labeled subgraphs of Bitcoin clusters within a background graph consisting of 49M node clusters and 196M edge transactions.	Finance
Much prior work in deep learning theory analyzes the distribution of network outputs at a fixed a set of inputs (e.g. a training dataset) over random initializations of the network parameters.	AI
Suppose that the first nontrivial homotopy group of the Vietoris-Rips complex $\mathrm{VR}(S^n;\pi-\delta)$ of the $n$-sphere at scale $\pi-\delta$ occurs in dimension $k$, i.e., suppose that the connectivity is $k-1$. Then $\mathrm{cov}_{S^n}(2k+2) \le \delta < 2\cdot \mathrm{cov}_{\mathbb{R}P^n}(k)$.	Mathematics
These findings demonstrate chiral perovskite semiconductors can transform well-developed semiconductor platforms to ones that can also control spin.	Physics
Traditional transistors based on complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) and metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistors (MOSFETs) are facing significant limitations as device scaling reaches the limits of Moore's Law.	Physics
These rules can be thought of as a two-step procedure that involves solving a claims problem.	Economics
TDA combined with Granger-causality effectively analyzes the interdependence and sensitivity of different markets and sectors.	Mathematics
The algorithm enables the use of advanced sampling techniques to probe the structure and dynamics of locally strongly deformed Nucleic Acids.	Biology
Finally, a fundamental theorem is presented to show how suppliers and recipients use their account balance in order to reach an equilibrium in the exchange of goods much like the traditional balance between supply and demand.	Finance
However, existing vibration-based strategies involve establishing homogeneous rigid-body dynamics on the substrate, and therefore lack any form of spatial heterogeneity and tuning.	Physics
We examine how uncertain veracity of external news influences investor beliefs, market prices and corporate disclosures.	Economics
The algorithm is tested against a default contagion algorithm on three ensembles of networks with increasing density, estimated from real-world banking data related to the largest 227 EU15 financial institutions indexed in a stock market.	Finance
The device exhibited a single photon detection efficiency of > 6% for wavelengths of 488 nm and 532 nm with an excess voltage less than 20% of the breakdown voltage.	Physics
We study the mod $p$ cohomology ring of the classifying space $BPU(p)$ of the projective unitary group $PU(p)$, when $p$ is an odd prime.	Mathematics
This underscores the paramount role of periodicity information in predicting material functionality, while also showcasing the remarkable efficiency of the QC-based model in characterizing materials structural attributes.	Mathematics
The two methods, activation-based and integrated gradient-based selection, consistently outperform a random baseline.	Biology
These conclusions rationalize the inclusion of controversial policies in omnibus bills and the presence of moonshot projects in organizations.	Economics
HoFe1-xMnxO3 (0 < x < 1) single crystals have been grown by the optical floating zone technique.	Physics
We show that in codimension at least 3, spaces of locally flat topological embeddings of manifolds are correctly modelled by derived spaces of maps between their configuration categories (under mild smoothability conditions).	Mathematics
While Transformers have yielded impressive results, their quadratic runtime dependency on the sequence length complicates their use for long genomic sequences and in-context learning on proteins and chemical sequences.	Biology
To address this, we propose an active learning workflow that efficiently trains a deep learning model to learn energy functions for specific targets, combining the advantages of both approaches.	Biology
Our results, combined with the rapidly evolving photon-pair generation and detection technology towards the mid-infrared, could lead to an extension of quantum microscopy applications towards the mid-infrared, to access the molecular fingerprint region.	Physics
Optical modulators are essential building blocks for high-capacity optical communication and massively parallel computing.	Physics
This episode highlights the redistributive implications of the design of macroeconomic policies and the role of political economy factors in determining such designs.	Finance
Graduate psychology students employed the Content Validity Ratio (CVR) to rate test items, forming the human baseline.	AI
This framework is motivated by the earlier topological approach to contextuality producing cohomology classes that serve as computational primitives in measurement-based quantum computing.	Mathematics
Recent work of Angeltveit, Blumberg, Gerhardt, Hill, Lawson and Mandell defines a theory of twisted topological Hochschild homology for equivariant rings (or ring spectra) that builds upon Hill, Hopkins and Ravenel's work on equivariant norms.	Mathematics
Hence the task of understanding such representations in terms of their indecomposable factors becomes difficult at best, and impossible in general.	Mathematics
Improvement was demonstrated in Mutual information, Peak signal-to-noise ratio, Fr\'echet Inception Distance, and Contrast-to-noise ratio.	AI
Original in situ methods for studying supercooling during crystallization in nanodispersed systems are proposed.	Physics
Recent progress in Machine Unlearning (MU) has introduced solutions for the selective removal of private or sensitive information encoded within deep neural networks.	AI
Each country is associated to a Polya urn whose composition controls the propensity of the country to trade with other countries.	Finance
Given this result, we show how to derive an effective interest rate cap.	Finance
This paper studies a problem of selling information products (expertise) to a buyer (client) who faces decision-making problem under uncertainty.	Economics
Harnessing the untapped potential of the so-called qudits necessitates the development of quantum protocols beyond the established qubit methodologies.	Physics
The results show that, remarkably, for the second problem, only the complete theory is able to produce experimentally consistent results.	Physics
A common approach in drug discovery involves exploring the chemical space surrounding synthetically-accessible intermediates.	Biology
We develop a dynamic game-theoretic model to examine the role of consumer search behavior and repeated interactions between consumers and service providers.	Economics
To overcome these, we propose the VidDiff method, an agentic workflow that breaks the task into three stages: action difference proposal, keyframe localization, and frame differencing, each stage utilizing specialized foundation models.	AI
More importantly, we proposed a hierarchical data-efficient representation learning framework that learns structural representations through contrastive learning at both cluster-level and sample-level to fully leverage the limited data.	Biology
Moreover, we show that public reserve prices are not optimal as the seller can earn a higher revenue with mechanisms that better leverage the ``attachment effect''.	Economics
Nevertheless, few quantitative insights are known about the existing liquidation mechanisms.	Finance
The existence of the non-monotonicity depends critically on the exogenous growth rate of the system.	Economics
In these applications, a wide chirp range is advantageous for large spectral coverage and high frequency resolution.	Physics
These models are often formulated as a large system of difference equations.	Finance
Preservation of least upper bounds is given several interpretations, including one that relates to changes in tax brackets, and one that relates to valuing options composed of two assets.	Economics
We show that every differential graded pre-Lie algebra with divided powers comes with operations, called weighted braces, which we use to generalize the classical deformation theory controlled by Lie algebras over a field of characteristic $0$.	Mathematics
This is due to the global approximator nature of the technique and hence not bound by forward-modelling physical constraints from ray-tracing.	AI
Simultaneous or streaming machine translation generates translation while reading the input stream.	AI
We introduce a notion of competitive signaling equilibrium (CSE) in one-to-one matching markets with a continuum of heterogeneous senders and receivers.	Economics
In particular with regard to the classes of singular varieties.	Mathematics
Depending on how much disagreement there is in the training data, our model either significantly outperforms the baselines or matches their performance with a simpler architecture and more stable training.	AI
In most of these cases we show that the $k$-th higher topological complexity of planar polygon spaces is either $km$ or $km+1$, where $m$ is their dimension.	Mathematics
Finally, we provide a brief numerical experiment to demonstrate that this modelling flexibility can be advantageous in learning tasks.	Mathematics
It is hoped that the SAFM framework will meet these requirements.	Finance
This paper explores articles hosted on the arXiv preprint server with the aim to uncover valuable insights hidden in this vast collection of research.	Finance
This paper introduces our initial design of a Framework for designing AI Communication (FAICO) for co-creative AI based on a systematic review of 107 full-length papers.	AI
We investigate the large-scale geometry of the DNA-protein complex of chromatin using a generalized optimality principle, which requires that not only should all sub-parts of a natural process be optimal but also the unfolding of higher recursive levels.	Biology
We attribute the strong results to MolMIM's latent representation which clusters similar molecules in the latent space, whereas CMA-ES is often used as a baseline optimization method.	Biology
With MANTRA, we assess several graph- and simplicial complex-based models on three topological classification tasks.	Mathematics
In this paper, we hypothesize that large language models (LLMs) present a natural medium for representing complex biological relationships and rationalizing experimental outcomes.	AI
Certain features of dependencies in the markets clearly identify times of turmoil.	Finance
The gene expression correlation outcome revealed the increased expression levels of several genes related to protein biosynthesis and glycerol degradation as a possible explanation of our observations.	Biology
The two forms of offensive AI evaluated in this study are vulnerability detection agents, which solve Capture-	AI
The review also outlines future research directions, including hybrid, generative, and physics-informed models for improved accuracy, efficiency, and reliability in subsurface property estimation.	AI
While fractional quantum Hall systems provide the best experimental evidence yet of (abelian) anyons plausibly necessary for future fault-tolerant quantum computation, like all strongly-coupled quantum systems their physics is not deeply understood.	Mathematics
In this paper, we propose a multi-objective latent space optimization (LSO) method that can significantly enhance the performance of generative molecular design (GMD).	Biology
Unlike strong polyelectrolytes, which carry a fixed charge, the charge state of weak polyelectrolytes is modulated by the electrochemical environment through protonation and deprotonation processes.	Biology
Acoustic metamaterials and phononic crystals represent a promising platform for the development of noise-insulating systems characterized by a low weight and small thickness.	Physics
Adopting a game-theoretic framework, we propose a three-stage sequential game with a simultaneous form game, incorporating a war of attrition in the final stage.	Economics
In this work, we introduce Bootstrapped Model Predictive Control (BMPC), a novel algorithm that performs policy learning in a bootstrapped manner.	AI
This is the first hardness result for equilibrium computation in first-price auctions with common priors.	Economics
This structure generalises both the known $\mathsf{L}_\infty$-algebra structure on $\mathbf{C}_{\mathsf{GS}}(\mathbb A)$, as well as the Gerstenhaber algebra structure on its cohomology $\mathbf{H}_{\mathsf{GS}}(\mathbb	Mathematics
This finding is supported by numerical studies of the dynamics of a strip lattice whose hyperbolically distributed sites are coupled by structural beams.	Physics
This result is a generalization and conceptual explanation of the following two applications.	Mathematics
There are also several practical issues in using the MVPF to aggregate welfare across policies or across population subgroups.	Finance
Experimental results also show that both the sensitivity and linearity of capacitive pressure sensors with spiral electrodes are higher than those with straight electrodes.	Physics
In this paper, we present an approach for integrated task and motion planning based on an AND/OR graph network, which is used to represent task-level states and actions, and we leverage it to implement different classes of task and motion planning problems (TAMP).	AI
[Ramsundar et al., 2019] library with the aim of creating a robust and reusable molecular generation pipeline.	Biology
Such SHG response is robust against temperature, ensuring unaltered crystalline symmetries above and below the ferromagnetic transition temperature.	Physics
This report proposes a generalised LMF model by incorporating the heterogeneity of traders' order-splitting behaviour that is exactly solved without heuristics.	Finance
Via the latter we construct for every presentably $\mathbb{E}_{k+1}$-monoidal $\infty$-category $\mathcal{V}$ for $1 \leq k \leq \infty$ and set $\mathcal{H}$ of weights a presentably $\mathbb{E}_k$-monoidal structure on the $\infty$-category of $\mathcal{V}$-enriched $\infty$-categories that admit $\mathcal{H}$-weighted colimits.	Mathematics
To prove the constructed adjunction is a Quillen equivalence, we show that the left adjoint presents a previously established operadic straightening equivalence between $\infty$-categories.	Mathematics
This motivates an alternative approach leveraging the wealth of synthesis information already embedded in the body of scientific literature by developing tools to extract relevant structured data in an automated, high-throughput manner.	Physics
"Furthermore, we show that several commonly used methods for constructing multi-parameter filtrations can give rise to such ""wild"" filtrations."	Mathematics
In this paper, we show that if $G$ is a connected graph and $H$ is a square-free connected graph, then every connected component of $\mathrm{Hom}(G, H)$ is homotopy equivalent to a point, a circle, $H$ or a connected double cover over $H$. We also obtain a certain relation between the fundamental group of $\mathrm{Hom}(G,H)$ and realizable walks studied in the homomorphism reconfiguration problem.	Mathematics
We explore how organizations in heavily regulated industries, such as financial institutions or healthcare organizations, can leverage synthetic data to build robust AI solutions while staying compliant.	AI
Co-planar separation and angular displacement are shown to be experimentally predictable to within $\pm1mm$ and $\pm1^o$ using this approach.	Physics
However, previous deep-learning (DL) methods focus excessively on learning robust inner-molecular representations by mask-dominated pretraining framework, neglecting abundant chemical reactivity molecular relationships that have been demonstrated as the determining factor for various molecular property prediction tasks.	Biology
We aim to establish a common ground for the machine learning and computational biology communities to rigorously compare and advance protein structure representation learning.	Biology
Our findings show the prominent quantum nature of MFC, which has the potential to be utilized in ultrafast quantum metrology and multi-task quantum information processing.	Physics
We evaluated the algorithms through two transfer settings: (1) adaptability to different traffic scenarios within the same road network, and (2) generalization across different road networks.	AI
However, evidence for the functional significance of small proteins in various cellular processes accumulates.	Biology
Ten years ago we presented a modified version of Okun law for the biggest developed economies and reported its excellent predictive power.	Finance
This evidence substantially weakens the case of those who claim hedging as cause of anomalous market price movements.	Finance
The synergy of these innovations equips MPDF with enriched, multi-scale features, enabling comprehensive downstream denoising.	Biology
This is an integral version of the rational statement that such a right homotopy inverse always exists provided the rational cohomology of M is not generated by a single element.	Mathematics
GDL bears particular promise in molecular modeling applications, in which various molecular representations with different symmetry properties and levels of abstraction exist.	Biology
While several methods exist for measuring credit concentration risk within institutions, the systemic effect of different institutions' exposures to the same counterparties has been less explored so far.	Finance
We have studied ionic-electronic charge transport in single-crystal and polycrystalline (pressed pellet and thick film) samples in order to compare the effect of defects and trap states associated with halide ion migration, device morphology and interfaces at grain boundaries as well as at electrodes.	Physics
This enables accurate artifact localization, thus addressing the coarse processing with artifact features.	AI
We show that the proposed framework accurately reproduces the sequence statistics of both short-time (experimental) and long-time (natural) protein evolution, suggesting applicability also to relatively data-poor intermediate evolutionary time scales, which are currently inaccessible to evolution experiments.	Biology
To achieve this, we equip the language model with a separate embedding layer and prediction layer, and train the model to perform in-context predictions on a diverse set of functions defined over the domain.	Biology
The negatively-charged nitrogen vacancy (NV$^{-}$) center in diamond is widely used for quantum sensing since the sensitivity of the spin triplet in the electronic ground state to external perturbations such as strain and electromagnetic fields make it an excellent probe for changes in these perturbations.	Physics
Namely, we observe that when the complex numbers are considered as a monoid internal to Z/2-equivariant real linear types, via complex conjugation, then (finite-dimensional)	Mathematics
The algorithmic challenge of jointly estimating the poses, 3D structure, and conformational heterogeneity of a biomolecule from millions of noisy and randomly oriented 2D projections in a computationally efficient manner, however, remains unsolved.	Biology
This mechanism enables the model to capture features at various scales effectively, understanding both short-term changes and long-term trends.	AI
Rather than engineering the dispersion of each metasurface cell locally, we harness the emerging near-field interactions (evanescent waves) between the scatterers to realize anomalous reflection at a fixed angle over a wide frequency range.	Physics
Furthermore, interpretable deep learning offers analytically grounded physical models while integrating with sensitivity analysis to uncover deeper theoretical insights.	Physics
The pertinent LLPS often involves, though not exclusively, intrinsically disordered proteins engaging in multivalent interactions that are governed by their amino acid sequences.	Biology
As immersive technologies promise to revolutionize experiences, stakeholders in these fields weigh the benefits and challenges of embracing such innovations.	Economics
Nearly one-half of all trades in financial markets are executed by high-speed, autonomous computer programs -- a type of trading often called high-frequency trading (HFT).	Finance
Also, the present study encompasses an investigation of the behavior of the cohomological transfer in bidegrees $(5, 5+N_d)$, with the internal degree $N_d$ mentioned above.	Mathematics
We prove that while a one-layer linear transformer without CoT can only implement a single step of gradient descent (GD) and fails to recover the ground-truth weight vector, a transformer with CoT prompting can learn to perform multi-step GD autoregressively, achieving near-exact recovery.	AI
AlphaFold2 (AF2) has transformed protein structure prediction by harnessing co-evolutionary constraints embedded in multiple sequence alignments (MSAs).	Biology
This renders it an appealing option for practical optofluidics applications.	Physics
This is mostly done in lack of tools to determine which modifications are more promising or which aspects of a molecule are more influential for the final activity/property.	Biology
Finally, we construct absolute partition $L_\infty$ models for $p$-adic mapping spaces, which combined with the description of the homotopy groups gives an algebraic description of the homotopy type of these $p$-adic mapping spaces parallel to the unstable Adams spectral sequence.	Mathematics
This study evaluates MRMs in the context of LP tasks, identifies the limitations of existing evaluation frameworks, and introduces a new task that ensures fair comparisons across MRMs.	AI
This technique leverages the negative floating potential, induced on the substrate during the HiPIMS discharge.	Physics
During germination, treated water significantly increased germination parameters such as final germination percentage, mean germination time, germination index, coefficient of germination velocity, and germination rate index.	Physics
In this platform we measure a Brillouin gain coefficient of 8.5~m$^{-1}$W$^{-1}$, exhibiting a twenty fold improvement over the largest previously reported Brillouin gain in a Si$_3$N$_4$ platform.	Physics
These are transchromatic $v_{1,\vec{0}}$-self maps, in the sense that they are lifts of classical $v_1$-self maps for which the telescope $C(X)_{(p)}[v^{-1}]$ can have nonzero rational geometric fixed points.	Mathematics
This action universally represents symmetries of the equations of motion of supergravity in the reduction of M-theory to $11-k$ dimensions.	Mathematics
Even though the objectives of the principal and the agent are not directly comparable, we find that any agent-optimal information is principal-worst.	Economics
It is shown that the reversal process is on the {\mu}s timescale involving the reorganization / coalescence of domains and domain walls.	Physics
To address this, we propose to monolithically co-integrate emerging non-volatile memories (eNVMs) and 65nm CMOS circuitry.	Physics
In this paper, the corresponding bifurcation problem is formulated using the mismatch parameter as a bifurcation parameter.	Physics
Explainable recommendation systems leverage transparent reasoning to foster user trust and improve decision-making processes.	AI
We hope that this will lead to performing analytical analysis with THz-TDS, as results obtained from different setups will be comparable.	Physics
In general, the shape of the wage scheme is sensitive to the differences in beliefs.	Economics
Pioneering work on optical traveling-wave parametric amplifiers (TWPAs) utilizing intrinsic third-order optical nonlinearity has led to demonstrations of increased channel capacity and performance.	Physics
Peptides, short chains of amino acids, interact with target proteins, making them a unique class of protein-based therapeutics for treating human diseases.	Biology
However, the development of VLMs for surgical VQA is challenging due to limited datasets and the risk of overfitting and catastrophic forgetting during full fine-tuning of pretrained weights.	AI
Our approach leverages query-independent, offline caching to efficiently reuse a Context KV Cache Store.	AI
Our analysis reveals the truly global dimension of the London bill market before the First World War and underscores the crucial role played by London intermediaries (acceptors and discounters) in overcoming information asymmetries between borrowers and lenders on this market.	Finance
Then, using the same LLM, the second forward pass processes the language instruction(s) alongside the summary tokens, used as a direct replacement for the image ones.	AI
Automated prompt optimization tools like DSPy also struggled when few gold labels were available.	AI
Four main arguments have been, or could be, given to support the disclosure thesis in the ethics literature: the risk-based argument, the rights-based argument, the materiality argument, and the autonomy argument.	AI
Most filtrations used for persistent homology depend (implicitly) on a chosen metric, which is typically agnostically chosen as the standard Euclidean metric on $\mathbb{R}^n$. Recent work has tried to uncover the 'true' metric on the point cloud using distance-to-measure functions, in order to obtain more meaningful persistent homology results.	Mathematics
Particularly, self phase modulation and cross phase modulation in the context of integrated on-board and on-chip communications are presented.	Physics
We then use the geometry of special orthogonal groups to construct concrete cobordism classes in the non-trivial part of the kernel of the differential Thom morphism.	Mathematics
The pertinent data refers to 43 countries, over 1970-2015, - for a total of 4278 observations.	Finance
Besides, we propose the protein-as-word language modeling approach to train ProtLLM.	Biology
A government has to finance a risk for its population.	Finance
There is much concern about disruption of endocrine physiology regulated by steroid hormones in humans, other terrestrial vertebrates and fish by industrial chemicals, such as bisphenol A, and pesticides, such as DDT.	Biology
Molecular docking is a common technique for evaluating protein-molecule interactions.	Biology
We analyze the economic diversification paths of 93 countries between 1965 and 2014 and find that countries enter unrelated products in only about 7.2% of all observations.	Finance
These calculations predict Fe, P, Mn, and Si to be unstable solutes in the VN precipitate.	Physics
Moreover, market crowd adapt to gain and loss by trading volume increase or decrease significantly in interaction with environment in any two consecutive trading days.	Finance
We investigate continuous state environment in the presence of a Gaussian noisy channel.	Economics
Additionally, we propose fast token set extraction strategy to enable online token set extraction during training and prompting.	AI
We construct and study a bicategory of super 2-line bundles over graded Lie groupoids, providing a unified framework for geometric models of twistings of (Real) K-theory.	Mathematics
We evaluate state-of-the-art machine learning and statistical approaches for modeling perturbations, as well as standard LLM reasoning strategies, and we find that current methods perform poorly on PerturbQA.	AI
Without financial regulations, low interest rates and more expansionary monetary policy may so encourage land speculation using leverage that productive capital investment and economic growth are decreased.	Economics
The resource-demanding nature of \textit{in vitro} and \textit{in vivo} experiments, as well as the recent advances in data-driven computational biochemistry research, highlight the importance of \textit{in silico} drug target interaction (DTI)	Biology
Consequently, an unusually enhanced NTE with an average volumetric coefficient of thermal expansion $\bar{\alpha}_V$ = -2.50 $\times$ 10$^{-5}$/K was achieved over a wide temperature range (300 -- 790 K), which is contrasted to that of pristine PbTiO3 ($\bar{\alpha}_V$ = -1.99 $\times$ 10$^{-5}$/K RT -- 763 K).	Physics
Most widely used ligand docking methods assume a rigid protein structure.	Biology
This tower stratifies the slice spectral sequence of a $G$-spectrum $X$ into distinct regions.	Mathematics
The reactor is packed with high permittivity dielectric rods and is analyzed with a two-dimensional (2D) self-consistent plasma model.	Physics
This disproves Francis-Gaitsgory's prediction, but does provide an adequate replacement.	Mathematics
We also show that the definition of the magnitude homotopy type due to the second and the third authors is equivalent to the geometric realization of Hepworth and Willerton's pointed simplicial set.	Mathematics
Next, we fabricate a 3-mm-diameter two-junction PCSEL, achieving a slope efficiency of 1.58 W/A, which is over twice as high as that of conventional single-junction PCSELs, and a record-high peak output power of 1.8 kW for PCSELs.	Physics
We find that a small subset of 21 preference categories (selected from a set of nearly 5,000 distinct preferences) captures >89% of preference variation across individuals.	AI
In past works, LLMs have been successfully integrated into a myriad of workflows across various fields.	AI
We finish the study by suggesting that a thoughtful survey design, which uses either a careful binning strategy or proper calibration, can reduce the compounding non-systematic error even in elaborated ordinal surveys.	Finance
We show that diversity wave dynamics is robust with respect to variations in the rules of our model such as diffusion between multiple environments, species-specific growth and extinction rates, and bet-hedging strategies.	Finance
Moreover, it is shown that the entry of new firms or the retirement of workers cannot be bad for any of the incumbent workers and cannot be good for any of the original firms, while each new firm gets its optimal outcome under stable allocations whenever the law of aggregate demand holds.	Economics
Using the Yagita invariant and the cohomology classes obtained by the representation of subgroups of order $p$, we obtain that the $p$-period is less than or equal to $4$ when $g\geqslant 3$ and $k\geqslant 1$.	Mathematics
Initially performed mostly with passive electrical components, topolectrical circuits have evolved to incorporate active elements such as operational amplifiers and analog multipliers that combine to form negative impedance converters, complex phase elements, high-frequency temporal modulators and self-feedback mechanisms.	Physics
The generality of the model and the algorithm used here implies that the model and algorithm need not be restricted to urban systems; they are easily applicable to other types of systems where the assumptions used are valid.	Finance
Both of these decrease the value of the firm, but a liberal policy in accounts receivable coupled with the portfolio management approach could increase the value.	Finance
Specifically, we inject noise into high-score offline sequences by randomly masking tokens with a Bernoulli distribution of parameter $\delta$ and then denoise masked tokens using the GFlowNet policy.	Biology
Pesticides are important agricultural inputs to increase agricultural productivity and improve food security.	Finance
The study also emphasizes the transformative role of Vision-Language Models (VLMs) and 3D Large Models in medical image analysis, anatomical modeling, and prosthetic design.	AI
Based on our findings, we recommend that the protocol explores implementing automatic capital buffer adjustments and dynamic maturity gap matching.	Finance
Given based cellular spaces X and Y, X compact, we define a sequence of increasingly fine equivalences on the based-homotopy set [X,Y].	Mathematics
In a New Keynesian model where the trade-off between stabilising the aggregate inflation rate and the output gap arises from sectoral asymmetries, the gains from commitment are either zero or negligible.	Economics
To do so, we train a variational autoencoder (VAE) to encode molecular fragments in a coherent latent space, which we then utilize as a vocabulary for editing molecules to explore the complex chemical property space.	Biology
For the long-standing debate on mitochondrial compartments pH, we measured the pH of mitochondrial cristae as 6.60 \pm 0.40, the pH of mitochondrial intermembrane space as 6.95 \pm 0.30, and two populations of mitochondrial matrix pH at approximately 7.20 \pm 0.27 and 7.50 \pm 0.16, respectively.	Biology
It is also demonstrated that for one and the same value of the electric field intensity, in chains with different values of the coupling constant either a uniform motion or an oscillatory motion, or a stationary polaron can be observed.	Biology
Overall, we aim to equip game theorists with the tools and understanding to apply the preference graph to new problems in game theory.	Economics
As slow thermal dynamics of extended systems are expected to limit modulation speeds ultimately, research has primarily focused on steady-state effects.	Physics
We examine an economy in which interactions are more productive if agents can trust others to refrain from cheating.	Economics
The third definition is by taking an inverse limit in $\operatorname{Cat}_R^{\operatorname{dual}}.$ For each of the three approaches we prove that the corresponding construction is well-behaved in a certain sense.	Mathematics
Furthermore, existing neural network (NN)-based approaches often require extensive labeled datasets, limiting their practicality.	Biology
To this end, we propose Phantom, a unified video generation framework for both single and multi-subject references.	AI
We develop a computationally efficient algorithm that generates tests for choice data based on functional characterizations of preference families.	Economics
Third, degeneracies in pairwise representations can lead to high-confidence predictions inconsistent with experiment.	Biology
Filtration learning is an attempt to find an optimal filtration that minimizes the loss function.	Mathematics
In this paper, we obtain more positive results by investigating strategyproof SDSs on the Condorcet domain, which consists of all preference profiles that admit a Condorcet winner.	Economics
We find that ghost wave momentum bandgaps uniquely boost refracted over reflected waves under one-way incidence, in stark contrast to balanced amplification seen in both propagating and evanescent waves.	Physics
GPT-4 LLM+RAG slightly outperforms us with MRR delta of up to 0.1, while we outperform it with the MAP delta of up to 0.42.	AI
The integration of P(VDF-TrFE) into the perovskite film did not affect the morphology and crystal structure, but significantly changed the charge transport and device performance.	Physics
In this study, we design a lottery that maximizes the seller's profit when the buyers follow CPT.	Economics
Controlled electroluminescence from both of the p-n junctions has been demonstrated by varying the applied bias voltages.	Physics
Our findings show that decision-makers following a reversible process are unaffected by item rearrangements, and further demonstrate that this property can be inferred from their choice behavior.	Economics
In this study, we introduce a novel prototype system designed to address the issues of tax loopholes and tax avoidance.	AI
Our approach provides a comprehensive and universal solution to address the speed and chirality challenges associated with EP encircling.	Physics
We define a Reedy monoidal category as a Reedy category $\mathcal{R}$ which is monoidal such that for all symmetric monoidal model categories $\textbf{A}$, the category $\mathrm{Fun}\left(\mathcal{R}^{\mathrm{op}}, \textbf{A}\right)_{\mathrm{Reedy}}$ is model monoidal when equipped with the Day convolution.	Mathematics
In the second example, we consider a technology adoption game where the followers decide to adopt a technology or a product and the leader decides the cost of one product that maximizes his returns, which are proportional to the people adopting that technology	Economics
A modelling framework, based on the theory of signal processing, for characterising the dynamics of systems driven by the unravelling of information is outlined, and is applied to describe the process of decision making.	Economics
This framework can rationalise a set of seemingly conflicting stylised facts about conspicuous consumption that are currently explained by different families of models.	Economics
We numerically analyze the performance of our protocol using Iceberg code and Steane code under realistic noise parameters based on superconducting hardware and demonstrate the advantage of our protocol in the near-term scenario.	Physics
Bitterness is one of the five basic taste modalities that can be perceived by humans and other mammals.	Biology
One fundamentally missing aspect of molecular or protein generative models is an inductive bias that can reflect continuous properties of interest.	Biology
In this study, bilayer tablets were produced using a hydraulic tablet press.	Physics
In this paper, we propose a Bacterial Molecular Computing on a Chip (BMCoC) using microfluidic and electrochemical sensing technologies.	Biology
In this article, we present some results and constructions about the Chiu-Tamarkin invariant motivated by the idempotence of microlocal kernels, including: (1) a natural explanation for the definition of the $\mathbb{Z}/\ell$-equivariant Chiu-Tamarkin invariant; (2) a graded commutative product on the non-equivariant Chiu-Tamarkin invariant; and (3) a construction of the $S^1$-equivariant Chiu-Tamarkin invariant.	Mathematics
It may be of interest to define and study a simple graph structure on the 64 million hexapeptides as nodes when two hexapeptides are connected by an edge if they differ by only a single residue.	Biology
Tunable and multimodal SLRs further enhance their appeal for flexible and multi-wavelength light-matter interactions.	Physics
The transformer neural network serves as the model backbone, and a loss function is designed to describe the capacity degradation behavior with the assumption that the degradation in LIBs across most operating conditions is inevitable and irreversible.	AI
This last fact implies that there is a normal finite index subgroup $H \leq Aut(P_n(\mathbb K))$ such that the Reidemeister number $R(\varphi)$ is infinite for every $\varphi \in H$.	Mathematics
To address this issue, we introduce a span mask pre-training strategy on 3D protein chains to learn meaningful representations of both residues and atoms.	Biology
These systems face a quality/latency trade-off, aiming to achieve high translation quality similar to non-streaming models with minimal latency.	AI
Using the number of protestors as the measurement of daily protesting intensity from 2019/6/6 to 2020/1/17, this paper documents that the stock price of listed companies associated with the pan-democratic parties were more negatively affected by protesting than other companies.	Finance
We identify the Nil-terms appearing in this splitting in two ways.	Mathematics
These results are robust across different MPL designs and various statistical tests that are utilized.	Finance
Finally, our persistent Dirac-based model is used for clustering molecular configurations from nine types of organic-inorganic halide perovskites.	Biology
We propose a framework for identifying replicas, i.e. nearly identical copies of the training data, in synthetic medical image datasets.	AI
The instrument offers sub-micrometer resolution, a depth of focus of several hundred micrometers, and an image quality comparable to commercial SEMs; it also tolerates poor vacuum and moist specimens, making it broadly applicable.	Physics
Suppose that $f_1,\ldots ,f_m : S(V)\to R$ are $m$ ($\geq 1$) continuous functions defined on the unit sphere in a Euclidean vector space $V$ of dimension $m+1$ satisfying $f_i(-v)=-f_i(v)$ for all $v\in S(V)$. The classical Borsuk-Ulam theorem asserts that the image of the map $(f_1,\ldots ,f_m) :S(V)\to R^m$ contains $0=(0,\ldots ,0)$. Pursuing ideas in papers of B\'ar\'any, Hubard and J\'eronimo (2008) and Frick and Wellner (2023), we show that a certain separation property will guarantee that the image contains an $m$-cube.	Mathematics
High-content phenotypic screening, including high-content imaging (HCI), has gained popularity in the last few years for its ability to characterize novel therapeutics without prior knowledge of the protein target.	Biology
To process the data, a linear inversion algorithm based on the modified Born approximation (MBA) and the nonlinear subspace-based optimization method (SOM) are used to image scatterers of moderate and high contrasts, respectively.	Physics
We present a graph representation that allows for a clear understanding of modern monetary systems.	Finance
Our results highlight the potential for PAMNet in a broad range of molecular science applications.	Biology
This approach can easily be implemented on any digital device with a screen (e.g., cellphones).	Economics
This is a rare finding, since often calibration in economic agent based models must be done without an explicit likelihood function.	Economics
We claim that, when its evolution is driven by quantitative optimization processes, Capital can possess qualities of Artificial Intelligence.	Economics
The Weighted Ensemble (WE) method, one of powerful and flexible path sampling techniques, can be helpful to reveal translocation paths and free energy barriers along those paths.	Biology
However, the population of researchers who study on the multiple-beam cases (n-beam cases) in which more than two beams are simultaneously strong is small.	Biology
We do this by analysing the behaviour on calculus of the Denham-Suciu fibre sequence, the Iriye-Kishimoto decomposition of the polyhedral product constructed from a collection of pairs of cones and their bases, and the Hilton-Milnor decomposition.	Mathematics
Furthermore, we show that the trained transformer effectively generalizes on the unseen data.	AI
Results of extensive experimental studies show that D-ADD achieves strong defense against different types of attacks with little interference in serving benign users for both soft and hard-label settings.	AI
Pairs of similar compounds that only differ by a small structural modification but exhibit a large difference in their binding affinity for a given target are known as activity cliffs (ACs).	Biology
Because of the high returns on such financial products, many economic agents were involved in them for speculative purposes, even if they were riskier, producing macro-scale effects.	Economics
Focused on local principles, HEroBM spans the entire chemical space and is transferable to systems of varying sizes.	Biology
As applications, we discuss a Novikov ring coefficient homological mirror symmetry for toric varieties and propose a conjecture for Novikov ring coefficient homological mirror symmetry for log Calabi-Yau varieties.	Mathematics
We describe several DNA and RNA vaccines and in terms of their efficacy, safety, and approval status.	Biology
Multigraded modules show up in many areas of pure and applied mathematics, and in particular in topological data analysis, where they are known as persistence modules, and where their Betti tables describe the places at which the homology of filtered simplicial complexes change.	Mathematics
Building on our earlier anapole plasma jet, we demonstrate a 2 cm line plasma jet for large-area surface treatment by leveraging the unique properties of the anapole source.	Physics
We confirm this prediction empirically, raising a question: from where does aggregate polynomial scaling emerge?	AI
Search prominence may have a detrimental impact on a firm's profits in the presence of costly product returns.	Economics
To address these limitations, we propose KDSelector, a novel knowledge-enhanced and data-efficient framework for learning the NN-based TSAD model selector, of which three key components are specifically designed to integrate available knowledge into the selector and dynamically prune less important and redundant samples during the learning.	AI
We also show that the space $\mathcal{R}^{gen+}(M,L)$ of pairs $(g,A)$ with $R^{gen}_{(g,A)}>0$ has non-trivial topology, and address a conjecture about non-triviality of the ``index difference'' map.	Mathematics
Our empirical findings demonstrate an improvement in student satisfaction and allocation fairness.	Economics
One subgroup belonging to that substance class is constituted by ring-shaped amino acids with a secondary amino group, such as proline.	Biology
Examples of constructions arising this way include the tensor product of a based space K with such an algebra I, and TQ(I), the Topological Andre-Quillen homology spectrum of I.	Mathematics
A surplus must be divided between a principal and an agent.	Economics
In addition to applications for Kneser hypergraphs, for complete hypergraphs our methods recover Olson's generalization of the EGZ theorem for arbitrary finite groups.	Mathematics
The edge group of a simplicial complex is a well-known, combinatorial version of the fundamental group.	Mathematics
We expect that many other results in the literature on homological stability admit bounded cohomological analogues by applying the blueprint provided in this work.	Mathematics
Following this model, the particular production phase of each major oil producing country and region is determined essentially only from the recent past oil production data.	Finance
Furthermore, the result was independently confirmed by fitting the conventional adapter-calibration results up to 100 kHz with four different materials based on the dynamic three-body model.	Physics
Algorithmic fairness traditionally considers statistical notions of fairness algorithms might satisfy in decisions based on noisy data.	Economics
In contrast to other coil design or optimization approaches recently presented, the procedure is an explicit forward Hilbert-space vector projection or basis change.	Physics
Rates of return on wealth are accelerated by energy reserve discovery, improvements to human and infrastructure longevity, and a more common culture, or a lowering of the amount of energy required to diffuse raw materials into civilization's bulk.	Finance
The assembly process requires detailed input on fusion and Weyl groups.	Mathematics
We model this universal pattern with the Log-Periodic Power Law Singularity (LPPLS) model, which parsimoniously captures diverse positive feedback phenomena, such as herding and imitation.	Finance
Supercoiling affects all scales of the spatio-temporal organization of bacterial DNA, from the base pair to the large scale chromosome conformation.	Biology
As an application we first test the methodology on a simulated sample of option prices and then on the S\&P 500 index options.	Finance
The methodology applied is a simple cost comparison across projects where the data collected are comparable.	Finance
Finally, we analyze a natural dynamic known as fictitious play, where players best respond to the empirical distribution of the other player.	Economics
Despite recent advancements in geometric deep learning-based approaches leading to improvements in blind docking efficiency, these methods have encountered notable challenges, such as limited generalization performance on unseen proteins, the inability to concurrently address the settings of blind docking and site-specific docking, and the frequent occurrence of physical implausibilities such as inter-molecular steric clash.	Biology
We propose a multi-fidelity approach, Multi-Fidelity Bind (MFBind), to achieve the optimal trade-off between accuracy and computational cost.	Biology
The Internet of Things (IoT) has enabled diverse devices to communicate over the Internet, yet the fragmentation of IoT systems limits seamless data sharing and coordinated management.	AI
El Ni\~no-Southern Oscillation (ENSO) is a prominent mode of interannual climate variability with far-reaching global impacts.	AI
Despite their advances, challenges specific to remote sensing remain substantial.	AI
Here, we investigate the CTFs aggregation process, providing a possible computational model of interaction based on the evaluation of shape complementarity at the interfaces.	Biology
Inspired by how artworks provide an invaluable perspective to approach aesthetics, we codify visual aesthetics using the compositional framework artists employ, known as the Principles of Art (PoA).	AI
Here we investigate an electro-optic modulator formed from a silicon-organic Huygens' metasurface.	Physics
We argue that the standard model of limited attention cannot help the observer greatly.	Economics
The safety alignment of large language models (LLMs) can be circumvented through adversarially crafted inputs, yet the mechanisms by which these attacks bypass safety barriers remain poorly understood.	AI
We also consider utility recovery in a statistical model with noise and random deviations from utility maximization.	Economics
Vision-based tactile sensors use structured light to measure deformation in their elastomeric interface.	AI
To address this gap, we introduce ISLR101, the first publicly available Iranian Sign Language dataset for isolated sign language recognition.	AI
Furthermore, from some initial conditions, an ideal economy with high wage rate, high consumer utility and no unemployment is also reached.	Economics
The proof of this result relies on spectral analysis of the Dirac operator.	Mathematics
We categorize tree-based models in VFL into two types, i.e., feature-gathering models and label-scattering models, and provide a detailed discussion regarding their characteristics, advantages, privacy protection mechanisms, and applications.	AI
The additional out-of-plane dipole in JTMDs can form n- and p-like Ohmic contacts, and this may be used in device applications such as pin diodes and photovoltaic cells.	Physics
Lobster maps a general neurosymbolic language based on Datalog to the GPU programming paradigm.	AI
Just like the four directions, we need to be aware that there is a degree of interconnectedness in the below four prongs.	Finance
Specifically, the impact of profitability is positive and significant, while the capitalization has a significant and negative impact on the investment dynamics only in France and Spain.	Finance
By utilizing empirically derived force fields, MC or MD simulations explore the conformational space through numerically evolving the system via Markov chain or Newtonian mechanics.	Biology
PIV and hot-wire measurements indicate a jet-like flow with nearly uniform core which monotonously contracts in streamwise direction and surrounding growing unsteady shear-layers.	Physics
We show with Bitcoin network and order book data that cross-exchange price differences coincide with periods of high settlement latency, asset flows chase arbitrage opportunities, and price differences across exchanges with low default risk are smaller.	Finance
This view is based on analyzing amino acid sequences of proteins.	Biology
Inspired by maximum likelihood method in digital communications, a robustness-analysis method is proposed to evaluate the potential error ratio between ideal cases and practice.	Physics
As an application, we show that certain graphs of groups with amenable vertex groups and elementary amenable edge groups have vanishing torsion homology growth.	Mathematics
\to N\mathcal{C}$ where $N(\varphi/-)$ is the functor which sends every object $d$ in $\mathcal{D}$ to the nerve of the comma category $\varphi/d$. We prove that the homotopy equivalence $\kappa$ induces an isomorphism on cohomology with coefficients in any coefficient system.	Mathematics
The seller cares about costs, while the buyer is concerned about the realistic prospect of returns.	Finance
The global financial system is highly complex, with cross-border interconnections and interdependencies.	Finance
In this paper we give a similar splitting for the $[0,1]$-truncation of the units of algebraic $K$-theory, considered as a sheaf on affine schemes.	Mathematics
Moreover, in the domain of lottery choice, we link coherent distortions to explanations of non-expected utility like the Allais paradox: individuals who maximize subjective expected utility maximizers conditional on coherent distorted beliefs are equivalent to the weighted utility maximizers studied by Chew [1983].	Economics
Spin Orbit Torque-Magnetic Random Access Memory (SOT-MRAM) is being developed as a successor to the Spin transfer torque MRAM (STT-MRAM) owing to its superior performance on the metrics of reliability and read-write speed.	Physics
Predicting the structure of interacting chains is crucial for understanding biological systems and developing new drugs.	Biology
Its unique ability to capture structural variability has spurred the development of heterogeneous reconstruction algorithms that can infer distributions of 3D structures from noisy, unlabeled imaging data.	Biology
Given a filtration of simplicial complexes, one usually applies persistent homology and summarizes the results in barcodes.	Mathematics
Effectively applying SEIDR to instruction-tuned LLMs requires determining (a) optimal prompts for LLMs, (b) what ranking algorithm selects the best programs in debugging rounds, and (c) balancing the repair of unsuccessful programs with the generation of new ones.	AI
When trained and evaluated on the PDB, our method provides a superior combination of precision and diversity compared to AlphaFold with MSA subsampling.	Biology
The human {\it ether-a-go-go} (hERG) potassium channel (K$_\text{v}11.1$) plays a critical role in mediating cardiac action potential.	Biology
Through a parameter recovery test, we demonstrate that our model makes accurate and precise estimates, considerably outperforming conventional Bayesian inference approaches.	Mathematics
Equipped with these validators, we test the performance of a variety of models on our tasks and find that for most of these tasks the performance of even the largest models is still subpar.	AI
Yet we know that companies are not just isolated entities: They organize themselves into intricate shareholding structures --- forming company networks --- distributing decision power and dividends in sophisticated schemes for various purposes.	Finance
We illustrate a theoretical workflow to design and evaluate the controller.	Economics
We also show that $\approx$0.9% biaxial tensile strain is required to convert an indirect bandgap bilayer WSe$_2$ into a direct bandgap semiconductor.	Physics
A mechanism governing the packing of the knapsack is strategyproof if no agent can benefit from hiding items controlled by them to the mechanism.	Economics
Second, we show that TITAN nevertheless exhibits significantly improved performance on unseen epitopes and is capable of focusing attention on chemically meaningful molecular structures.	Biology
These vector spaces are equipped with a suitable distance measure, enabling the computation of the Gromov-Hausdorff ultrametric to evaluate structural dissimilarities.	Mathematics
This torque exhibits a unique angular dependence-a superposition of six-fold crystalline symmetry and uniaxial symmetry associated with the antiferromagnetic spin Hall effect.	Physics
The platinum/iridium (Pt/Ir) alloy tip for scanning probe microscopy (SPM) was fabricated by amplitude-modulated alternating-current (AC) electropolishing.	Physics
Recently, several learning-based methods have been proposed for the task, exhibiting much faster docking speed than those computational methods.	Biology
Existing algorithms for computing the alpha complex require that the points reside in low dimension because they begin by computing the entire Delaunay complex, which rapidly becomes intractable, even when the alpha complex is of a reasonable size.	Mathematics
We perform extensive experiments and show that MFBind (1) outperforms other state-of-the-art single and multi-fidelity baselines in surrogate modeling, and (2) boosts the performance of generative models with markedly higher quality compounds.	Biology
Metabolic pathways are fundamental maps in biochemistry that detail how molecules are transformed through various reactions.	Biology
Here, we will first give an introduction into the application of machine learning for structural property prediction, and explain the concepts of cross-validation and benchmarking.	Biology
Swin-B-Triad achieves a 3.97% improvement over Swin-B-Scratch in classification tasks across five datasets.	AI
Despite the state-of-the-art neural network models are approaching ab initio accuracy for molecular property prediction, their applications, such as drug discovery and molecular dynamics (MD) simulation, have been hindered by insufficient utilization of geometric information and high computational costs.	Biology
Results showed that two LLM clearly outperform the other models, and revealed significant challenges for generalization in low-homology scenarios.	Biology
In line with mounting empirical evidence, our analysis implies asymmetric price reactions to news and price declines following firm disclosures.	Economics
They are involved in a wide range of biological roles because of their exceptionally unique and distinct structural characteristics.	Biology
We introduce a generalisation of the PHT in which we consider arbitrary parameter spaces and sublevel sets with respect to any function.	Mathematics
We give a number of examples of how traditional clustering algorithms can be topologized, and provide preliminary results on the THDs associated with Reeb graphs and the mapper algorithm.	Mathematics
We next explain how the methods of this computation generalize to give us information about $THH(cofib(x^k:\Sigma^{k|x|}R\to R))$ for $R$ and $cofib(x^k)$ suitably structured connective ring spectra, $k>1$, and $x\in \pi_{*}(R)$ an arbitrary element in positive degree.	Mathematics
Inclusion of brand/quarter fixed effects and industry/week fixed effects brings parameter estimates closer to expectations without major reductions in estimation precision.	Finance
We show that the first K-theory group of a ring $R$ can be identified with the cobordism group of decorated 1-foams embedded in the plane.	Mathematics
The dynamic design exhibits indifference to the polarization state of incident light, while the geometric design is inextricably tied to it.	Physics
Moreover, the tunnel anisotropic magneto-resistance measurements unveil that the negative TMR component likely arises from the interfacial resonance states (IRS) in the minority band of the bottom ferromagnetic layer.	Physics
Following his scheme of the proof, we formulate and prove the homological Quillen-McCord theorem, stable with respect to interleaving distances.	Mathematics
Molecular dynamics simulation has been routinely used to understand conformational dynamics and molecular recognition in biomolecules.	Biology
Recently, the importance of predicting binding affinity has led to increased attention on research that models the three-dimensional structure of protein-ligand complexes using graph neural networks to predict binding affinity.	Biology
This paper systematically studies diverse NSAI architectures, highlighting their unique approaches to integrating neural and symbolic components.	AI
We visit some applications of our result to real motivic invariants.	Mathematics
In this work, we introduce Topological Evolution Rate (TopER), a novel, low-dimensional embedding approach grounded in topological data analysis.	Mathematics
Accurately modeling the protein fitness landscapes holds great importance for protein engineering.	Biology
Certification intermediaries reduce these frictions by enabling signaling through hard information.	Economics
The development of control policies for multi-robot systems traditionally follows a complex and labor-intensive process, often lacking the flexibility to adapt to dynamic tasks.	AI
By synchronizing the ion arrival with the substrate's floating potential, specific ions can be accelerated preferentially, thereby enhancing adatom mobility and improving film quality while mitigating the detrimental effects of Ar+ ion bombardment.	Physics
The integrated optical fiber probe array allows precise and parallel spectropic detection in different microchannels with high spatial and temporal resolutions for screening the synthetic conditions.	Physics
Mutual coupling between the meta-atoms can result in a strongly non-linear dependence of the DMA's radiation pattern on the configuration of its meta-atoms.	Physics
Furthermore, we applied the fabricated tip to qPlus AFM analysis in liquid and showed that it has atomic resolution in both the horizontal and vertical directions.	Physics
A time interface (a rapid change of the constitutive parameters of a material in time), applied within an unbounded medium where a wave travels, can enable frequency conversion, and is considered the temporal analogue of a spatial interface between two materials.	Physics
Proposed approach can be valuable in the modeling of the complex socio-economic systems with similar composition of the agents.	Finance
Furthermore, opportunities are identified for Super-Apps to redefine the definition of credit risk by contemplating all the environment that their platforms entail, leading to a more inclusive financial system.	Finance
In order to characterize and better understand distribution shifts in MLFFs, we conduct diagnostic experiments on chemical datasets, revealing common shifts that pose significant challenges, even for large foundation models trained on extensive data.	Biology
Over the past decade, generative models have achieved significant success in enhancement fundus images.	AI
A computer simulation using an agent-based model can directly treat and clearly explain such complex systems where micro processes and macro phenomena interact.	Finance
We establish conditions under which a distribution shift can reliably assess a model's reliance on spurious correlations.	AI
On the other hand, there is the impossibility of observing the rate of return and its instantaneous forward time derivative, even if we consider it as a continuous variable.	Finance
In doing so, we review recent methods of estimating the volatility, volatility of volatility, and probability densities.	Finance
The morphism $\rho$ equals the holonomy for nilpotent Lie algebras.	Mathematics
In this paper, we seek to uncover fundamental statistical limits concerning aligning LLMs with human preferences, with a focus on the probabilistic representation of human preferences and the preservation of diverse preferences in aligned LLMs.	Economics
Repeat proteins are made with tandem copies of similar amino acid stretches that fold into elongated architectures.	Biology
Our main motivation is the computation of an explicit finite, cellular presentation of the persistent minimal model that computes persistent rational type of copersistent simply-connected spaces.	Mathematics
Experimental evaluations show that ElliDock achieves the fastest inference time among all compared methods and is strongly competitive with current state-of-the-art learning-based models such as DiffDock-PP and Multimer particularly for antibody-antigen docking.	Biology
The Dowker theorem is a classical result in the topology of finite spaces, claiming that any binary relation between two finite spaces defines two homotopy-equivalent complexes (the Dowker complexes).	Mathematics
A crucial step for the Chilean taxation authority is to compute the final income of each individual, given the complex network of corporations and companies, usually including cycles between them.	Finance
In a self-type learning framework with endogenous outside option, I find the optimal project selection strategy of the agent, that determines what types of projects the agent with a certain level of reputation will accept.	Economics
In this manuscript, we build a different type of a geometrically-informed simplicial complex, called an ellipsoid complex.	Mathematics
We have made all the source code utilized in this study publicly accessible via GitHub at https://github.com/zhangruochi/pepland	Biology
in addition to increasing studies that help explain the specific mechanisms of the SARs-CoV-2 virus, remembering that we will have to live with the virus for an indefinite time from now on.	Biology
In the first case, we assume that an insurance company starts to pay tax when its surplus reaches a certain level $b$ and at the termination time of the business there is a terminal value incurred to the company.	Finance
Specifically, we consider ellipsoid perturbations over payoff coefficients in linear-quadratic-Gaussian (LQG) games.	Economics
This allows consideration of market dynamics that are not analytically tractable or can not be empirically analyzed due to practical complications.	Finance
For a $k$-variety $X$, the collection of all Gillet-Soul\'e weight complexes of $X$ form a 'weakly constant' pro-object of simplicial varieties, and under mild assumptions, the $K$-theory of a Waldhausen category is equivalent to the $K$-theory of its weakly constant pro-objects.	Mathematics
The zero time condition for the first-passage probability defines the constraint to select the integral cutoff for various macroscopic helical conformations, obtained by tuning the twist, the bending and the slide motion between adjacent base pairs along the molecule stack.	Biology
Given the labor-intensive nature of dental annotation, a significant amount of data remains unlabeled, driving increasing interest in semi-supervised approaches.	AI
We investigate the role of foreign direct investment (FDI) in the transitional dynamics of host countries by using an optimal growth model.	Finance
Motivated by the behavior of some nodes with histories of large transactions, we propose a new index: the ``Flow Index.''	Finance
In particular, the new definition of the cup product allows us to give the first complete formalisation of the axioms needed to turn the cohomology groups into a graded commutative ring.	Mathematics
We highlight the tension between stability and equality in non transferable utility matching.	Economics
Return-based contracts pay the content creator a fraction of the reward the platform gains.	Economics
However, current experiments and proofs of concept rely on free-space ultrafast pump lasers and rather complex benchtop setups.	Physics
Nevertheless, we show that at any pure Nash equilibrium of the metagame, the resulting allocation obtains at least half of the liquid welfare of any allocation and this bound is tight.	Economics
Such popular algorithms have been shown to empirically reproduce the results of AT, results that have also been reported before in successful applications to separating organic from non-organic molecules and in the context of the study of selection and evolution.	Biology
We also compare the accelerated line search on this manifold to the existing accelerated line search on Euclidean spaces.	AI
If they differ, the Sticker is sequentially refined via *forward* optimization (to better align the extracted facts with the query) and *inverse* generation (to conform with the model's inherent tendencies) for more faithful reasoning outcomes.	AI
This mechanism is designed specifically for Supra's blockchain and seeks to maximally utilise its highly efficient automation framework to enhance the blockchain network's efficiency.	Finance
My analysis suggests that traditional theories of $\textit{Equality of Opportunity}$ are not incompatible with $\textit{Opportunity Pluralism}$.	Economics
By automating the data extraction process and using the extracted information to train machine learning models, our developed model, SciQu, optimizes material properties.	Physics
From photoluminescence spectroscopy it is found that no additional non-radiative losses are introduced to the absorber.	Physics
Furthermore, explicit instructions to avoid bias reduce the certainty of model predictions, but do not eliminate stereotypical patterns.	AI
Recent work has shown that a country's productive structure constrains its level of economic growth and income inequality.	Finance
Let $T_{n,n}$ be the grid of $n\times n$ points on the flat torus $S^1\times S^1$, equipped with the $l^1$ metric.	Mathematics
However, a unified intracellular pH spectrum using a single probe is still lack.	Biology
Studies show that the pulse width affects the response of the transducer and, thus, the reconstruction.	Physics
Reward models (RMs) are crucial for aligning large language models (LLMs) with human preferences.	AI
We explore trends in data utilization, model design, and task-specific adaptations, highlighting the importance of pre-trained multi-task models for scalable, generalizable solutions.	AI
Our empirical findings in a case study with four mineable cryptocurrencies suggest that risk diversification, restricted mobility of resources (as enforced by different mining technologies) and network growth, all are contributing factors to the stability of the inherently volatile blockchain ecosystem.	Economics
In this study, we exploit this property to design n- and p-type metal-oxide-semiconductor field effect transistors (MOSFETs).	Physics
Despite the recent advances in neural networks for time series analysis, no attempts have been directed towards the classification of ground conditions, categorized into five classes and subsequently determining the ramp's slope and stair's height.	AI
The framework is then employed for the precise morphing control of the two-dimensional MNNs subjected to different static loads.	Physics
The results of this study can be used to reform and modernize the wage system for researchers in Kazakhstan and other countries, as well as to optimize grant-based science funding mechanisms.	Economics
This paper aims to connect epistemic and behavioral game theory by examining the epistemic foundations of quantal response equilibrium (QRE) in static games.	Economics
Multimodal scientific problems (MSPs) involve complex issues that require the integration of multiple modalities, such as text and diagrams, presenting a significant challenge in artificial intelligence.	AI
In industrial applications requiring real-time feedback, such as quality control and robotic manipulation, the demand for high-speed and accurate pose estimation remains critical.	AI
In this position paper, we argue that the promise of LLM social simulations can be achieved by addressing five tractable challenges.	AI
We validate our approach on PDBBind 2020 refined set, which contains about 5,300 pairs of protein-ligand complexes.	Biology
Several Nash equilibrium refinement concepts have been proposed and studied for sequential imperfect-information games, the most prominent being trembling-hand perfect equilibrium, quasi-perfect equilibrium, and recently one-sided quasi-perfect equilibrium.	Economics
To address this fundamental challenge of reactor design, a finite element method (FEM) model for the Mega-Ampere Spherical Tokamak Upgrade (MAST-U) fusion tokamak, operating at the Culham Campus of UKAEA, has been developed and applied to assess mechanical deformations, strain, and stress in the full tokamak structure, taken as a proxy for a fusion power plant.	Physics
Our method, known as FreeCG, achieves state-of-the-art (SOTA) results in force prediction for MD17, rMD17, MD22, and is well extended to property prediction in QM9 datasets with several improvements greater than 15% and the maximum beyond 20%.	Biology
However, the former strategies are considerably costly, and the latter may require minute three-dimensional fabrication processes, which both hinder their utility, especially for the construction of a large ultrasound emitting aperture.	Physics
Our approach involves bending ITO thin films on optically transparent polyethylene terephthalate (PET), creating an array of parallel nano-gaps.	Physics
For a field $\mathbb{F},$ we consider the $\mathbb{F}$-path Euler characteristic $\chi^\mathbb{F}(G)$ of a digraph $G$ defined as the alternating sum of dimensions of path homology groups with coefficients in $\mathbb{F}.$ If $\Omega_\bullet(G;\mathbb{F})$ is a bounded chain complex, the constructed bases can be applied to compute $\chi^\mathbb{F}(G)$. We provide an explicit example of a digraph $\mathcal{G}$ whose $\mathbb{F}$-path Euler characteristic depends on whether the characteristic of $\mathbb{F}$ is two, revealing the differences between GLMY theory and the homology theory of spaces.	Mathematics
In this article we extend the collection of spectra for which the canonical map $X \to X^{tC_p}$ is known to be an isomorphism to include any $p$-complete, bounded below spectrum whose mod $p$ homology, viewed a module over the Steenrod algebra, is complete with respect to the maximal ideal $I \subseteq \mathcal{A}$.	Mathematics
Clay, known for its long history of natural therapeutic use, has emerged as one of the most promising candidates for biomedical applications due to its non-toxic nature, porosity, high surface area, ubiquity, and excellent cation exchange capacity.	Biology
The key advantage that using programs for money (program-money) adds to the technology of money is agency.	Finance
In the presented work, we propose Cu-Pd plasmonic network metamaterials as a scalable platform for plasmon-assisted catalysis.	Physics
Here, we examine how this multistability is influenced by fluid rheology.	Physics
Large language models have shown remarkable reasoning abilities and scaling laws suggest that large parameter count, especially along the depth axis, is the primary driver.	AI
Consequently, they may get ``divorced'' and rematch again with other agents, which may lead to further unanticipated experiences etc.	Economics
We study the homogeneous spaces of a simply connected, compact, simple Lie group $G$ through the lens of K-theory.	Mathematics
Extensive experiments on 5 commonly-used benchmarks show GS-Meta consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods by 5.71%-6.93% in ROC-AUC and verify the effectiveness of each proposed module.	Biology
Finally, we found that an order-based analysis seems to explain the differences between the two views better than a number-based method.	Finance
The purpose of forming these diverse image representations is to analyze SNR as well as classification accuracy and identify the bit planes that contain the most informative features.	AI
Through circular dichroism and X-ray absorption spectroscopy, we determined that switching between different magnetic orientations is associated with interactions of the D-leucine with the two distinct sublattices of the Fe ions in the TmIG, at octahedral and tetrahedral sites.	Physics
We compute the $RO(G)$-graded equivariant algebraic $K$-groups of a finite field with an action by its Galois group $G$.	Mathematics
The proposed model considers both types of connections and the evolution of these connections over time.	Finance
In this work, we propose to model the human evaluator's beliefs about the AI system's behavior to better interpret the human's feedback.	AI
These works overlook these scenarios' authenticity, rationality, and relevance, resulting in numerous extreme, contrived, and largely unrealistic collision events involving aggressive NPC vehicles.	AI
The aim is to examine the quality of MRs produced by GPT-3.5 and GPT-4 for a specific System Under Test (SUT) adopted from an earlier study, and to introduce and apply an improved set of evaluation criteria for a diverse range of SUTs.	AI
In 2019, Franz had defined a weak product on the two-sided bar construction of a triple of $A_\infty$-algebras under similar hypotheses, with which this author proved a related collapse result, but without investigating the properties of the induced product on Tor.	Mathematics
We then demonstrate the new framework by comparing five reactor types.	Physics
In contrast, TWPAs based on photonic integrated circuits (PICs) offer the advantages of substantially increased mode confinement and optical nonlinearity but have been limited in bandwidth because of the trade-off with maintaining low propagation loss.	Physics
Let $X$ be a Bernoulli random variable with the success probability $p$. We are interested in tight bounds on $\mathbb{E}[f(X_1,X_2)]$, where $X_i=\mathbb{E}[X| \mathcal{F}_i]$ and $\mathcal{F}_i$ are some sigma-algebras.	Economics
Despite a small global offset, we show an empirical $f_{01}^{\rm max}$ tuning precision of 18.4 MHz by tuning a set of multi-qubit processors targeting their designed Hamiltonians.	Physics
Sparse autoencoders (SAEs) have emerged as a workhorse of modern mechanistic interpretability, but leading SAE approaches with top-$k$ style activation functions lack theoretical grounding for selecting the hyperparameter $k$. SAEs are based on the linear representation hypothesis (LRH), which assumes that the representations of large language models (LLMs) are linearly encoded, and the superposition hypothesis (SH), which states that there can be more features in the model than its dimensionality.	AI
The model provides us with a result that expresses how people have a structural preference for one recipient over the other regardless the actual account balance.	Finance
The technique paves the way for the practicality and flexibility of computational ghost imaging.	Physics
We show that, despite its advantages, EADA does not benefit students assigned to their worst-ranked schools or those who remain unmatched under DA.	Economics
"Concretely, we describe space-time metasurfaces that periodically alternate their properties in time between three spatial states: ""air"", ""conductor"" and ""grating""."	Physics
We determine the integral cohomology ring of $BPU(4)$, and the Steenrod algebra structure of its mod $2$ cohomology.	Mathematics
In contrast to static environments, having consumer data can reduce sellers' revenue in equilibrium, as they fine-tune the dynamic design with their data forecasting the buyer's learning process.	Economics
We model the inference making process that leads to distributed knowledge, and we do that by introducing revision operators and revision types.	Economics
The purpose of this paper is to identify the immediate and future retailer response to wholesale stockouts.	Finance
The optimal learned sector universe was tested against the benchmark GICS classification universe with reIndexer, outperforming on both absolute portfolio value, and risk-adjusted return over the backtest period.	Finance
Second, we propose a novel methodology to compute value gradients with online sampling based on transition likelihoods.	AI
While there is some work on this problem, the explanations provided by existing approaches often lack critical information or fail to be expressive enough for non-binary conflicts.	AI
This $\textit{picking winners}$ framework is very general and can be used to model many problems with low probability, high reward outcomes, such as pharmaceutical companies choosing drugs to develop or studios selecting movies to produce.	Finance
"For completely arbitrary (even non-measurable) performance benchmarks, we show how the axiom of choice can be used to ""find"" an exact maximin strategy for the trader."	Finance
In this work, we propose and experimentally demonstrate the full-parameter multiplexing of polarization, wavelength, and angle, achieving hundreds of distinct multiplexing channels,the largest reported to date.	Physics
For validation and reuse, we have made the automated simulation workflow, the reactive flow model library, and the digital rock samples available in public repositories.	Physics
Magnetometers based on the extraordinary magnetoresistance (EMR) effect are promising for applications which demand high sensitivity combined with room temperature operation but their application for magnetic field sensing requires further optimization.	Physics
Key challenges in explainability and sample efficiency present opportunities to enhance generative design to directly optimize expensive high-fidelity oracles and provide actionable insights to domain experts.	Biology
In other words, we obtain a new $A_\infty$-algebra on the second complex, inequivalent to the homotopy transfer one.	Mathematics
This work explores the predictability in the stock market using Deep Convolutional Network and candlestick charts.	Finance
This approach is analogous to the one of instrumental variables in econometrics.	Economics
We present easily verifiable conditions on model coefficients which guarantee the completeness of the market in which in addition to the primitive asset one may also trade a derivative contract $S^B$. Both $S^F$ and $S^B$ are defined in terms of the solution $X$ to a $2$-dimensional stochastic differential equation: $S^F_t = f(X_t)$ and $S^B_t:=\mathbb{E}[g(X_1) | \mathcal{F}_t]$. From a purely mathematical point of view we prove that every local martingale under $\mathbb{P}$ can be represented as a stochastic integral with respect to the $\mathbb{P}$-martingale $S := (S^F\ S^B)$. Notably, in contrast to recent results on the endogenous completeness of equilibria markets, our conditions allow the Jacobian matrix of $(f,g)$ to be singular everywhere on $\mathbf{R}^2$. Hence they cover, as a special case, the prominent example of a stochastic volatility model being completed with a European call (or put) option.	Finance
These innovations not only enhance capabilities in THz imaging but also pave the way for novel applications, ushering in a new encouraging era of advanced THz photonic technology.	Physics
The (111) facet C-SnO2 layer provides a larger surface contact area with an adjacent perovskite layer, enhancing charge transfer dynamics at the interface.	Physics
In this report, we highlight the ongoing advancements of our protein complex structure prediction model, HelixFold-Multimer, underscoring its enhanced performance.	Biology
The equivalence is proven under the condition of a uniform discreteness property.	Mathematics
Contact angle measurements with water demonstrated the influence of heat accumulation and debris on the functional wetting behavior.	Physics
"Only later did they transcend this limited role to become objects of ""mainstream importance"" due to influence from the theory of algebraic fiber bundles and the theory of sheaves."	Mathematics
Recently, it was experimentally observed that magnetic field can be amplified by using nuclear spins under Markovian noise, [H. Su, et al., Phys.	Physics
Yet, this is a special concern since the risk of amplifying stock fluctuations is latent.	Finance
Real systems are often described as networks, where nodes represent objects in the system and edges represent relationships or connections between nodes.	Mathematics
In this paper, we provide a novel and simple algorithm, Clairvoyant Multiplicative Weights Updates (CMWU) for regret minimization in general games.	Economics
These studies also called for complementary approaches to ion mobility.	Biology
A concentration series was then developed, and the anti-inflammatory activity was evaluated against Diclofenac sodium as the positive control, using the heat-induced egg albumin denaturation method.	Biology
Certain utility responding to the contemporary coloring assignment will be received by each agent under some particular mechanism, who, striving to maximize his own utility, is restricted to local information thus self-organizing when choosing another color.	Economics
Our findings also emphasize the potential for strategic rerouting of biomass flows to meet changing industry demands, which could play a crucial role in supporting the sector's recovery and adaptation to post-pandemic conditions.	Finance
In this work, we demonstrated that it is possible to read out, process, encode, and store the output of SNSPDs using exclusively superconducting nanowires.	Physics
We also give conditions on certain subcomplexes under which, localised away from sufficiently many primes, the loop space of a moment-angle complex decomposes as a finite type product of spheres and loops on spheres.	Mathematics
These are stable configurations from which no variable has an incentive to deviate$-$ analog to local optima in continuous domains.	Biology
In this work, we focus on training models with \textit{block-wise sparse matrices} and propose an efficient training algorithm to decrease both computation and memory costs during training and inference.	AI
Both approaches enable the seamless integration of diffusion models into the reconstruction process, enhancing perceptual quality.	AI
Moreover, we show that the matrix representation $\Delta_{q, \mathrm{up}}^{K, L}$ can be identified as the Laplacian of a weighted oriented hypergraph, which can be regarded as a higher dimensional generalization of the Kron reduction.	Mathematics
Such a channel outcompetes the standard alternative, where intramonomeric pigments partner with their closest intermonomeric pigment.	Biology
To bridge this gap, we design a probing task where we quantitatively measure the difficulty distribution of the constraints by a novel Difficulty Distribution Index (CDDI).	AI
With the abundance of work in mathematics due to its logical nature, we present a survey of strategies utilizing feedback at the step and outcome levels to enhance multi-step math reasoning for LLMs.	AI
Although theoretical descriptions exist for idealized conditions, computing the stochastic multimodal dynamics for the complex conditions of experiment is very challenging.	Physics
Here, we propose a novel approach to enhance the sampling process of diffusion models by integrating force field energy-based feedback.	Biology
"More precisely, we construct explicit homeomorphisms, as well as their inverses, from cellular complexes to surfaces of 3-dimensional (for the M\""obius strip and the torus) and 4-dimensional (for the projective plane)"	Mathematics
Moreover, by utilizing the pronounced electro-optic properties of lithium niobate, associated with the tight light confinement nanophotonic waveguides, the device demonstrates a spacing tunability of 0.82 GHz/V and a contrast of 10~16 dB. In addition, the device has an ultracompact footprint of 0.0248 mm2.	Physics
Here we study the effect of nano constriction width on the magnetization dynamics in anisotropy assisted field free SHNOs.	Physics
Wealthy players have many mutual friendships and are socially well respected by others, but spend more time on business than on socializing.	Finance
We also examine the distribution of endhered patterns of size 3, showing how the patterns change under the transformation called endhered twist.	Biology
They respect products in the group and are a complete invariant of the dimension series, so they are the coefficients of a universal multiplicative finite-type invariant, depending functorially on the group.	Mathematics
It outperforms state-of-the-art stock prediction solutions achieving an average return ratio of 98% and 71% on NYSE and NASDAQ, respectively.	Finance
Given a definable function $f: S \to \mathbb{R}$ on a definable set $S$, we study sublevel sets of the form $S^f_t = \{x \in S: f(x) \leq t\}$ for all $t \in \mathbb{R}$. Using o-minimal structures, we prove that the Euler characteristic of $S^f_t$ is right continuous with respect to $t$. Furthermore, when $S$ is compact, we show that $S^f_{t+\delta}$ deformation retracts to $S^f_t$ for all sufficiently small $\delta > 0$.	Mathematics
Transmission electron microscopy can be used to find average barrier thickness, although we highlight challenges forming robust conclusions on the distribution of thicknesses in a barrier from these experiments.	Physics
During the execution auction, bidders only know the distribution of their valuations.	Economics
"Chow groups with twisted coefficients are related to Serre's notion of ""negligible cohomology"" for finite groups."	Mathematics
Our method presents a proof-of-principle spectroscopic technique with promising potential for investigating the Cooper pair density in inductively coupled superconducting nanostructures.	Physics
Our exploratory analysis shows that Python execution errors during the issue resolution phase correlate with lower resolution rates and increased reasoning overheads.	AI
We analyze the model through reversals in choice and provide its behavioral characterization.	Economics
This switching effect of electronic thermal conductance in graphene is expected to be experimentally realized and applied.	Physics
We build on known results for the optimal weighting of experts and prove that an ensemble of sub-optimal mechanisms can perform optimally under certain conditions.	Economics
In this article, we present a simple dose delivery scheme utilizing only two dipole magnets for LWFA-based VHEE treatment.	Physics
We find that the compact model TSMC RF is capable to predict the detector responsivity and its dependence on frequency and gate voltage with good accuracy up to the highest frequency of 1.2 THz covered in this study.	Physics
Finally, we characterize the class of Markovian models for which the initial fixation does not impact the final choice and show that choice data reveals the existence and composition of consideration sets.	Economics
Condorcet extensions have faced criticism due to their susceptibility to variable-electorate paradoxes, especially the reinforcement paradox (Young and Levenglick, 1978) and the no-show paradox (Moulin, 1988).	Economics
In this paper, we propose DenseFormer, a novel method that integrates the diffusion model into the depth completion task.	AI
Performance in each tier is given by a player's Tournament Score (TS), which depends on his/her wins, losses, and draws (not on his/her Elo rating).	Economics
Remarkably, we show that multi-omic biosequence transformers emergently learn useful structural information without any \textit{a priori} structural training, allowing us to predict which protein residues are most involved in the protein-nucleic acid binding interaction.	Biology
Search scope is constant and independent of search outcomes as long as no member leaves.	Economics
The dominating forces are from van der Waals attractions and dehydration of these residues.	Biology
Restricting to a low-dimensional example of the ``striped cylinder'' cobordism category Cyl, we give a complete set of relations for the generators.	Mathematics
To facilitate these results, we develop some foundational aspects of pro-tt-geometry.	Mathematics
\to \mathrm{Hopf}(\mathcal{C}), $ where $\mathrm{Lie}$ is the free Lie algebra and $\mathrm{T}$ is the tensor algebra.	Mathematics
Here, we present the design, fabrication, and characterization of AlScN EO micro-ring modulators, introducing active functionalities to the chip-scale AlScN platform.	Physics
They possess self-tuning capabilities, enabling deep subwavelength band gaps to automatically match the carrier signal of powered cells, typically around 200Hz.	Physics
Chiefly, ferroptosis should be viewed as a first order phase transition characterized by a supercritical Andronov Hopf bifurcation, with the emergence of limit cycle.	Biology
We then apply the Quantal Response Statistical Equilibrium (QRSE) model to recover the cross-sectional frequency distribution of the daily returns of cryptocurrencies and S&P 500 companies.	Economics
However, it still encounter some challenges, such as lack of labels and multimodal feature representation.	Biology
In particular, when priority orders are restricted to linear orders with each given assignment, our mechanism guarantees student-optimal stability.	Economics
Based on this conjecture we propose a notion of dagger $(\infty,n)$-category with unitary duality or $\mathrm{PL}(n)$-dagger category.	Mathematics
Following the prescriptions of Ising anyons model, 1-qubit quantum gates are constructed for portfolio composed of four stocks.	Finance
We showcase why these two are very desirable properties for an auction mechanism to enjoy, and construct the first known NFT Auction Mechanism which provably possesses such formal guarantees.	Economics
It is shown that for a small set value of the electric field intensity and for fixed values of the chain parameters, changing only the initial distribution of the charge in the chain, it is possible to observe either a uniform movement of the charge along the chain, or an oscillatory mode of charge movement.	Biology
We also highlight how the functioning and the composition of CSR committees, could be valuable to better understand the relationship between corporate governance and CSR.	Finance
Siliconization is widely used as a coating technique to engineer surface properties, such as in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries to lubricate motion, ensure complete dispensation of product, and to inhibit protein adsorption and biofilm growth.	Physics
We explore this challenge in the traditional offline RL setting, where an agent must learn how to make decisions based on data collected through a stochastic behavior policy.	AI
Alexander modules are defined as the homology groups of this cover.	Mathematics
The proposed method is illustrated empirically on various benchmark datasets, being competitive to the classical methods from the literature.	Mathematics
To describe route choice behaviors, the CumLog model only uses two parameters, one accounting for the rate at which the future route cost is discounted in the valuation relative to the past ones and the other describing the sensitivity of route choice probabilities to valuation differences.	Economics
If \textbf{MinPts = 1} then DBSCAN is equivalent to single linkage clustering with cutting height \textbf{$\epsilon$}.	Mathematics
We begin by exploring scaling in input size, which enables LLMs to process and utilize more extensive context for improved reasoning.	AI
These lecture notes (in Spanish) are based on a mini-course given by A. Osorno and M. Rivera at the First Colombian Geometry and Topology Meeting that took place at the Universidad Nacional de Colombia in July 2024 in Bogota.	Mathematics
This paper delves into the prediction of Origin-Destination (OD) demands at a fine-grained spatial level, especially when confronted with an expansive set of local regions.	AI
We provide a description of Voevodsky's $\infty$-category of motivic spectra in terms of the subcategory of motives of smooth proper varieties.	Mathematics
In our related work, we introduced function-coherent gambles to accommodate non-linear utility.	Economics
However, traditional distance measures can hardly deal with such tertiary interactions and the currently used evaluation measures (F1 score, MCC) have limitations.	Biology
Industrial Revolution did not boost the economic growth in the former USSR.	Finance
Active metasurfaces promise spatiotemporal control over optical wavefronts, but achieving high-speed modulation with pixel-level control has remained an unmet challenge.	Physics
We are able to identify which cities have a dominant role in the entire supply chain process using centrality network measures.	Finance
In particular, cgDNA performs poorly on the twist stiffness with a value much lower than expected for long DNA molecules.	Biology
They analyzed a particular example involving customer types distributed uniformly over the unit square.	Economics
Given the crucial role of these proteins in viral infection, their importance as natural targets of our immune system and their potential as therapeutic targets, this web application aims to foster our ability to fight pathogenic viruses.	Biology
The interdependence of electricity and natural gas markets is becoming a major topic in energy research.	Finance
Its inference speed enables the large-scale screening of PROTAC designs, and computed properties of predicted structures achieve statistically significant correlations with published degradation activities.	Biology
We give a homotopy equivalence for the loop space of the moment-angle complex associated with a simplicial complex formed by the polyhedral join operation, and give necessary conditions for this loop space to be a finite type product of spheres and loops on spheres.	Mathematics
For a graph $G$, let Conf$(G,n)$ denote the classical configuration space of $n$ labelled points in $G$. Abrams introduced a cubical complex, denoted here by DConf$(G,n)$, sitting inside Conf$(G,n)$ as a strong deformation retract provided $G$ is suitably subdivided.	Mathematics
Our framework emphasizes aligning agent responses with both personal/individual and group/collective well-being over extended timescales.	AI
In addition, this dataaugmentation allows us to leverage the vast amount of protein-only data available in the PDB to train neural networks, in contrast to template-based modeling that acts as a prior	Biology
Time-resolved spectroscopy reveals a fourfold increase in the rate of Shockley-Read-Hall recombination from 6 ns at 10 K to 1.5 ns at 150 K.	Physics
Moreover, the designed hyper-lens ensures that both the object and image surfaces are planes, and simultaneously provides a uniform magnification for objects in different positions.	Physics
While any boosting algorithm has many adjustable hyperparameters, we can define a set of standard hyperparameters at which LightGBM makes predictions about as accurate as single-task deep neural nets, but is a factor of 1000-fold faster than random forest and ~4-fold faster than XGBoost in terms of total computational time for the largest models.	Biology
Efficient exploration is essential for intelligent systems interacting with their environment, but existing language models often fall short in scenarios that require strategic information gathering.	AI
In this article, we compute the mod 2 representarion of the symmetric group of order 2 over the singular cohomology groups of orderd 2-configuration space $C_{2}(T^{d})$ of the $d$-torus $T^{d}$ for $d\geq 1$.	Mathematics
We consider a way of life, which is about respect for knowledge and a desire to seek it.	Finance
We use the fibrant transfer theorem of Guetta--Moser--Sarazola--Verdugo to show it can be transferred between fibrant objects, providing a new, short and conceptual proof of its existence.	Mathematics
In particular, we show that $H^*(\mathrm{BSO}(4);\mathbb{R})$ injects into the relative Gelfand-Fuks cohomology which corrects a claim by Haefliger.	Mathematics
On the other hand, Coleman constructed a norm operator for interpolating division values in local fields, which depends on a Lubin--Tate formal group law.	Mathematics
The coupler achieves a low coupling loss of 0.8 dB for fundamental TE mode, along with 1-dB bandwidth exceeding 180 nm.	Physics
In this study, air, 10% CO2, 15% CO2 and simulated flue gas (containing 15% CO2) feed were used to observe effect CO2 concentration and flue gas on cell growth and lipid content of Chlorella protothecoides.	Biology
We show that this approach allows complete freedom in the design of the layer without compromising the crucial symmetry.	Biology
This method allows LLMs to simulate diverse opinions more accurately than existing prompt engineering approaches.	AI
We show that both PERM and PPPO are capable of finding a near-optimal policy with ZSG.	AI
In particular, we show that the distance coincides with the {\it interleaving distance in the homotopy category} in the sense of Lanari and Scoccola and the {\it homotopy interleaving distance} in the sense of Blumberg and Lesnick.	Mathematics
Commercial banks and other depository institutions in some countries are required to hold in reserve against deposits made by their customers at their Central Bank or Federal Reserve.	Finance
However, this superiority is relative to the resampling methods applied, with Near Miss demonstrating poorer performance due to noisy data, overlapping classes, and nonlinear class boundaries.	Biology
This study finds that this network forms a tightly-knit structure with a core giant strongly connected component (GSCC) surrounded by IN and OUT components constituting two half-shells of the GSCC, which we call a\textit{walnut} structure because of its shape.	Finance
As an application, we identify connective analytic K-theory in the unstable homotopy category with both $\mathbb{Z}\times\mathrm{BGL}$ and the analytification of connective algebraic K-theory.	Mathematics
First, we study queueing problems with an endogenous number of machines, and examine how to share the total cost.	Economics
We have found that the thickness of current collectors is a critical parameter that can increase the maximum potential drop drastically.	Physics
The fabrication technique uses localized charged-particle-induced deposition with either a focused beam of helium ions or electrons in a helium ion microscope (HIM) or scanning electron microscope (SEM).	Biology
Our model consists of a graph neural network-based structure module and a Transformer-based sequence module, which iteratively transforms random sequences into desired sequences.	Biology
The results of the study demonstrate that the enhancement of charge transfer between layers and the orbital contribution to the Fermi level under applied strain in MoS/IrO, MoS/TiO, MoS/WTe, and MoTe/WS heterostructures is noteworthy.	Physics
However, a limitation was identified in the Gershgorin-based approximations, which over-constrain the system, suppressing non-linear dynamics and diminishing the network's expressive capacity.	AI
By hypothesizing that the absorption maxima of photopigments are close to the peak spectral photon flux of the host star, we utilize the model to estimate $N_\star$. As per our formalism, $N_\star$ is modulated by the stellar temperature, and is conceivably higher (lower) for planets orbiting stars cooler (hotter) than the sun; exoplanets around late-type M-dwarfs might require an $N_\star$ twice that of the Earth.	Biology
We analyzed the available experimental data on the B-C and B-A transitions under the conditions easily implemented in modeling: in an aqueous NaCl solution.	Biology
In our setup, which improves resonance visibility compared to previous approaches, plasmon resonances become more distinct, allowing for detailed analysis of the underlying physics.	Physics
Direct Preference Optimization (DPO) has emerged as a simple, yet effective alternative to reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF).	AI
A key challenge is to obtain Ohmic metal/semiconductor contacts with low contact resistances in EMR devices comprising semiconductors with low carrier densities and high electron mobilities, yet, this topic remains scarcely investigated experimentally.	Physics
The main result characterizes axiomatically an updating rule for complexity cost function, the Minimal Complexity Aversion representation.	Economics
The same problem arises when considering electrical conduction through fibrous materials.	Physics
The paper explores an approach to constructing energy landscapes of a formal neuron and multilayer artificial neural networks (ANNs).	AI
The sensor head is compatible with various practical applications and allows a minimum measurement distance of about 1~mm from the sensing region.	Physics
The new distance function is inspired from the Atkinson inequality index and maximizes the sum of the netput expansions required to reach an efficient point.	Economics
The data is used to create a weighted and directed trade credit network.	Finance
This paper provides a general method to translate a standard economic model with a large number of agents into a field-formalism model.	Finance
In this work, we improve the Hebbian network with a weight normalization mechanism for preventing weight divergence, analyze the principal components of the Hebbian's weights, and perform a thorough evaluation of network performance in locomotion control for real 18-DOF dung beetle-like and 16-DOF gecko-like robots.	AI
In contrast, when the players' flow payoffs are deterministic or their exit payoffs are homogeneous, the game admits equilibria in pure and mixed strategies.	Economics
We argue that the issue is not an inherent feature of two-stage models, and rather lies in the approach with which the first stage is modelled in the literature.	Economics
They serve as network-proxies for measuring the robustness of the global financial system and the interdependence of financial markets, respectively.	Finance
Our method improves existing algorithms by focusing on local rewards and leveraging partition-based learning to enhance training efficiency and performance.	AI
The article analyses foundational principles relevant to the creation of artificial general intelligence (AGI).	AI
This entails a mark-to-market valuation adjustment for interbank claims, leading to a forward-backward approach to the equilibrium dynamics whereby future default probabilities are needed to determine today's balance sheets.	Finance
For an odd prime $p$, we explore some connections between the cohomology algebra $H^*(BPU{p^m};\mathbb{F}_p)$ and the subrings of the polynomial ring $\mathbb{F}_p[\xi_1,\eta_1,\cdots,\xi_l,\eta_l]$ that are invariant under some $Sp_{2m}(\mathbb{F}_p)$-action and $GL_{2m}(\mathbb{F}_p)$-action.	Mathematics
We introduce InspireMusic, a framework integrated super resolution and large language model for high-fidelity long-form music generation.	AI
We show that a strong magnetic field provides a well-defined quantization axis regardless of the optical field polarizations, we demonstrate that by separating the $m_J$ levels of the Rydberg state we can perform an Autler-Townes splitting with a single participating dipole moment, and we demonstrate recovery of signal strength by populating a single $m_J$ level using circularly polarized light.	Physics
We generalize a splitting result by Bahri, Bendersky, Cohen, and Gitler that determines the stable homotopy type of the a polyhedral product.	Mathematics
The SHNA is made of an array of ledged magnetostrictive nanomagnets deposited on a substrate, with a heavy metal nanostrip underlying/overlying the ledges.	Physics
We also find that the subdivided MF model can accurately predict the statistics of experimentally relevant quantities, such as transverse fluctuations, due to the analytical tractability of the model.	Biology
The Delaunay filtration $\mathcal{D}_{\bullet}(X)$ of a point cloud $X\subset \mathbb{R}^d$ is a central tool of computational topology.	Mathematics
The generation of optical vortices is analyzed, and its structure reconstructed by estimating the spatio-spectral field and Fourier transforming it into the temporal domain.	Physics
Here, we describe how the extended persistent homology transform can be used to visualise, detect and quantify certain kinds of symmetry and discuss the effectiveness and limitations of this method.	Mathematics
Samples of abnormal returns are examined on periods, under regulation either by the FSA or by the FCA.	Finance
We substantiate our approach with theoretical stability guarantees and demonstrate its superior performance over existing state-of-the-art methods in predicting molecular properties through extensive evaluations on the MoleculeNet benchmark datasets.	Mathematics
The production and consumption of information about Bitcoin and other digital-, or 'crypto'-, currencies have grown together with their market capitalisation.	Finance
Though surveys and lab experiments documented RATL choices, Expected Discounted Utility cannot accommodate any RATL.	Economics
We investigate Compound (a leading DeFi lending protocol) to show how it works in this novel information environment, who its users are, and what factors determine their participation.	Finance
We find that enforcing only a small fraction of restraints, $N_{r}/N \lesssim 0.08$, where $N$ is the number of amino acids, can induce the conformational changes.	Biology
We address this gap by performing an explorative systematic review of how CMAs model, store, remember and process their metacognitive experiences, one of Flavell's (1979) three foundational components of metacognition.	AI
During planning, our approach accounts for stochasticity in both the environment and the behavior policy by using Monte Carlo tree search (MCTS).	AI
Moreover, the photo-generated confined holes accumulation at the Ge QDs-Si interface is elevated after optical illumination, leading to a decreased THz photo-conductivity.	Physics
However, achieving long coherence times remains a challenge for Yb-doped frequency combs.	Physics
Over the last 23 years, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has required over 34,000 companies to file over 165,000 annual reports.	Finance
In the case where $J$ is a left ideal, an adjunction exists between the category of $A$-modules and that of $\mathrm{E}_{A}(J)$-modules.	Mathematics
Moreover, $P_F$-frames are precisely those essential $P$-frames that are also $F$-frames.	Mathematics
The concepts of real and symbolic appropriation are introduced as a means to analyse debt and taxation.	Finance
In the financial sector, a reliable forecast the future financial performance of a company is of great importance for investors' investment decisions.	Finance
Knowledge distillation is a technique used to train a small student network using the output generated by a large teacher network, and has many empirical advantages~\citep{Hinton2015DistillingTK}.	AI
We conclude by discussing several directions for future research, including the relationship between ToM and pragmatic communication, which could advance our understanding of artificial systems as well as human cognition.	AI
It is neither a set of structural motifs nor intrinsic motions.	Biology
When prompted for 80% confidence interval predictions, LLM responses are better calibrated than survey evidence but are pessimistic about outliers, leading to skewed forecast distributions.	Finance
Here, we report that the magnetic domain reorientation in a notched ferromagnetic nanotrack can be realized and effectively controlled by applying uniform magnetic field pulses in a fixed in-plane direction perpendicular to the nanotrack.	Physics
HeteroGATomics performs joint feature selection through a multi-agent system, creating dedicated networks of feature and patient similarity for each omic modality.	Biology
We derive a linear Bayesian Nash equilibrium, describe an algorithm for computing such equilibria, and present numerical results on properties of these equilibria.	Finance
Our study sheds light on the origin of ferromagnetism in V-MoS2 monolayers and provides a foundation for future research on defect engineering to tune the electronic and magnetic properties of atomically thin TMD-based DMSs.	Physics
A hybrid metasurface design is proposed where four coupled planar coiled resonators are also coupled to a well designed thin planar cavity.	Physics
Using a triangulation of the domain containing the input networks, the flat norm distance between two networks at a given scale can be computed by solving a linear program.	Mathematics
[1] have recently proposed an autocatalytic (self-reinforcing) feedback model which couples a macroscopic system parameter (the interest rate), a microscopic parameter that measures the distribution of the states of the individual agents (the number of firms in financial difficulty) and a peer-to-peer network effect (contagion across supply chain financing).	Finance
The method is further verified by generating candidate compounds for the SARS-CoV-2 main protease and the oncogenic mutant KRAS G12C.	Biology
Further, while a user-level hidden state itself is rarely the best representation, we find its inclusion in the model strengthens token or document embeddings used to derive document- and user-level representations resulting in best performances.	AI
On the other, historical analysis and individual experience suggest that serendipity plays a significant role in the discovery process.	Finance
Our results, supported by theory and simulations, establish a feasible framework for generating pseudomagnetic fields in origami metamaterials with potential applications in waveguides and cloaking.	Physics
The increase in VRE penetration is associated with decrease in temporal price volatility in five out of six ISOs studied.	Finance
We prompt twelve LLMs to impersonate the CEO of a financial institution and test their willingness to misuse customer assets to repay outstanding corporate debt.	Finance
Perhaps most surprising, the worst offenders were the more mature corporate VCs who have been in the game for some time.	Finance
"Through experiments, we also show incorporating domain-specific knowledge and introducing a ""not sure"" category as one of the answer categories improves the precision and F1 scores by up to 38% relative to baselines."	AI
We further analyze the transferability of DPO data across architectures and the role of difficulty scheduling in optimization.	AI
We introduce a probabilistic model of labor markets for university graduates, in particular, in Japan.	Finance
Finally, we show how this algebraic perspective yields an algorithm for computing the connection matrix via column reductions on the differential of the initial complex.	Mathematics
We find robust evidence that investment disputes lead to abnormal share fluctuations of companies involved in disputes with host countries.	Finance
When guided by machine learning, protein sequence generation methods can draw on prior knowledge and experimental efforts to improve this process.	Biology
As an application of this theory, we show that certain classes in the coarse cohomology of configuration space obstruct coarse embedding between two metric spaces.	Mathematics
Additionally, we propose a simple yet effective strategy for fine-tuning FinLLM using the inherent feedback from the market, dubbed Reinforcement Learning with Stock Prices (RLSP).	Finance
It is proved that a second countable group $G$ is Lie if and only if it is equivariantly movable.	Mathematics
This paper presents a bridge between the theories of wonderful models associated with toric arrangements and wonderful models associated with hyperplane arrangements.	Mathematics
Second, we study monopolistic (or oligopolistic) margin loan pricing by brokers whose clients are continuous-time Kelly gamblers.	Finance
The purpose of this review is to summarize the R&D in the field of halide scintillators during the last decade and to highlight perspectives for future development.	Physics
The Chapter starts with an introduction of the basic valuation model with some general aspects to consider when performing the computation.	Finance
Therefore, in this work, we use magnetron sputtering to fabricate three devices: Cu/MgO/Cu, Cu/MgO/MoS2/Cu and Cu/MoS2/MgO/Cu.	Physics
If the proposal is not approved, a type-dependent outside option is implemented.	Economics
Thus this even makes it unnecessary to compute the structure linear maps of $M$.	Mathematics
Further, we show that the complexity is not driven by the dependence of counterparties on each other, but rather hinges on the presence of so-called naked CDSs.	Finance
The theorem nests 60 special cases, some of which have been stated as separate theorems.	Economics
We show that this leads to endogenous irregular oscillations, in which gradual increases in stock prices and leverage are followed by drastic market collapses, i.e. a leverage cycle.	Finance
However, fabricating visible metasurfaces suitable for high-volume production is challenging and requires scalable processes.	Physics
Our findings offer critical insights into the complexity behind catalytic oscillations and provide guidance for modulating oscillatory behaviours in catalytic processes, with significant implications for both science and industry.	Physics
Notably, COD achieves remarkable predictive accuracy on the 70B LLM by leveraging an ensemble of small models, demonstrating an absolute mean deviation of 1.36% across eight important LLM evaluation benchmarks.	AI
This approach eliminates the need to store intermediate solver states and decouples memory complexity from the number of solver iterations, significantly reducing training overhead.	AI
The measurements are enabled by a high-finesse cavity, which is used for room temperature continuous wave pump-probe experiments.	Physics
The research paper aims to analyze the underlying relationship in between the profitability and cost of funds of a firm.	Finance
By introducing the DNA crosslinker mitomycin C, we induce DNA damage and quantify the resulting changes in stoichiometry, copy number and molecular mobilities of RecA and RecB.	Biology
We detect that Hurst exponents behave differently in the stock and bond markets, being smoother in the stock indices than in the bond indices.	Finance
Because of these distortions, seemingly unfavorable changes in the prior belief may actually benefit the sender.	Economics
We demonstrate that our model can design effective molecular latent vectors for molecular property prediction from some experiments by small datasets on physical properties and activity.	Biology
While existing methods rely heavily on protein sequence for PPI prediction, it is the protein structure that is the key to determine the interactions.	Biology
Motivated by these problems, we propose a novel framework called Structure Knowledge Refinement (SKR) which uses data structure to determine the probability of whether a pair is positive or negative.	Biology
They show that certain fundamental postulates revolving around the concept of Malthusian stagnation need to be replaced by the evidence-based interpretations.	Finance
Topological Deep Learning seeks to enhance the predictive performance of neural network models by harnessing topological structures in input data.	Mathematics
For molecular representation learning, most previous works designed neural networks only for a particular data format, making the learned models likely to fail for other data formats.	Biology
Algorithmic predictions are emerging as a promising solution concept for efficiently allocating societal resources.	Economics
Behind it lies his original idea that human reasoning could be studied as a process and that perhaps there exist universal systems of reasoning that underly all human reasoning irrespective of the content of what we are reasoning about.	AI
In this work, we propose HALO (Hormetic ALignment via Opponent processes), a regulatory paradigm that uses hormetic analysis to regulate the behavioral patterns of AI.	Economics
The proposed theory clarifies the role and necessity of data augmentation for finance; moreover, our theory implies that a simple algorithm of injecting a random noise of strength $\sqrt{|r_{t-1}|}$ to the observed return $r_{t}$ is better than not injecting any noise and a few other financially irrelevant data augmentation techniques.	Finance
Losses attributed to senior debt holders would, on aggregate, have been proportionally small, while no losses would have been imposed on depositors.	Finance
"However, more sophisticated results in fields from algebraic topology to theoretical physics, where objects have ""higher structure,"" rely on infinite-dimensional categories in place of $1$-dimensional categories, and $\infty$-category theory has thusfar proved unamenable to computer formalization."	Mathematics
We show that the set of Walrasian equilibria of any balanced economy-which includes among others Arrow-Debreu economies-corresponds to the solution set of an associated VI that satisfies the Minty condition but is generally discontinuous.	Economics
Traditionally financial economics literature has been devoted to study the macro and micro determinants of expected returns on stocks (Subrahmanyam, 2010).	Finance
We confirm that these heads are present across multiple models, though their specific locations may vary, and their responses differ depending on the type of knowledge and its corresponding years.	AI
While flexoelectric charges have been measured in mm-scale systems, direct measurements in nanoscale-thickness materials have not yet been achieved.	Physics
Additionally, MLLMs often exhibit hallucinations and inconsistencies in reasoning, whereas clinical diagnoses must adhere strictly to established criteria.	AI
With such an extra waveguide, we demonstrate numerically that the topologically protected photonic waveguide keeps properties of valley-locking and immunity to defects.	Physics
This unifies many known decompositions obtained in different contexts and establishes many new families of examples.	Mathematics
Most important, beyond the ability to reach a field range higher than what is possible with LTS, HTS offers an extended range of operating temperature, with large margin.	Physics
The Steiner Traveling Salesman Problem (STSP) is a variant of the classical Traveling Salesman Problem.	AI
To this end, in this paper, we introduce a novel attack scenario targeting the long thought processes of o1-like models and propose BoT (Break CoT), which can selectively break intrinsic reasoning mechanisms through backdoor attacks.	AI
This study will consider the impact to financial risk of breaking up Gringotts Wizarding Bank into five component pieces, along the lines of the Glass-Steagall Act in the United States.	Finance
The risk in the objective function is measured using the Conditional Value at Risk (CVaR) metric.	Finance
However, there are three major challenges facing protein structure pretraining: insufficient sample diversity, physically unrealistic modeling, and the lack of protein-specific pretext tasks.	Biology
Notably, their absorption performance can be tuned between angularly asymmetric and omnidirectional modes and remains highly robust to variations in MPP parameters and geometrical configurations.	Physics
To overcome this difficulty, we use the underlying geometry of the problem to develop a convex optimization framework to find the optimal persuasion mechanism.	Economics
Further, we introduce a metric between a stack of projection images and a molecular structure, which is invariant to rotations and reflections and does not require performing 3-D reconstruction.	Biology
In comparison with previously defined TQFTs for decorated links and link cobordisms, the construction of this paper has the advantage of being independent from the decoration.	Mathematics
However, the parameterization of the effective Hamiltonian is complicated and can be difficult for some complex systems such as high-entropy perovskites.	Physics
Examining the daily data of the searched terms with a combination of the rescaled range and rescaled variance tests together with the detrended fluctuation analysis, we show that the searches are in fact power-law correlated with Hurst exponents between 0.8 and 1.1.	Finance
Second, we find that latency disadvantages convey a winner's curse on slow bidders when underlying values depend on a stochastic price process that change as bids are submitted.	Economics
With the advent of next-generation sequencing, billions of antibody sequences have been collected in recent years, though their application in the design of better therapeutics has been constrained by the sheer volume and complexity of the data.	Biology
This paper examines memory mechanisms in Large Language Models (LLMs), emphasizing their importance for context-rich responses, reduced hallucinations, and improved efficiency.	AI
Our findings position LookAhead Tuning as a reliable and efficient solution for the safe and effective adaptation of LLMs.	AI
NMR can elucidate structures and dynamics of small and medium size proteins in solution, living cells, and solids, but has been limited by the tedious data analysis process.	Biology
We use a two-stage quantum frequency conversion scheme to achieve a frequency shift of 375.4 THz between the input visible photon and the output telecom photon achieving a conversion efficiency of 11%.	Physics
The equation describing the time evolution of a probability coefficient of finding an electron in a subband is derived using the Krieger-Iafrate theory in the effective mass approximation.	Physics
We focus on the occurrence frequency of such patterns in matchings and native (real-world)	Biology
We use the Grossman \& Stiglitz (1980) framework to build a reference portfolio for uninformed investors and employ this portfolio to assess the performance of actively managed equity mutual funds.	Finance
In this paper, we do computations and estimates for both $\text{dTC(X)}$ and $\text{dcat(X)}$ for some spaces $X$ as well as a comparison with $\text{TC(X)}$ and $\text{cat(X)}$.	Mathematics
These relations are then utilized to demonstrate the possibility of extensive spatial expansion of the control regime along the downstream direction with minimal loss of performance--potentially covering the entire surface exposed to the flow.	Physics
In this paper, we aim to compare these two descriptions.	Mathematics
Moreover, our method also exhibits higher sampling efficiency compared to atom-based autoregressive and diffusion baselines with at most ~300x speedup.	Biology
Traditional detection methods are limited by the scarcity of labeled data and the evolving tactics of malicious actors.	Finance
In this study, we present GOProteinGNN, a novel architecture that enhances protein language models by integrating protein knowledge graph information during the creation of amino acid level representations.	Biology
Departing from these approaches, we design an estimator based on image persistence.	Mathematics
Photon polarization serves as an essential quantum information carrier in quantum information and measurement applications.	Physics
To address this challenge, we employ preference alignment to discern complex relationships between structure and interaction landscapes through comparative analysis of generated samples.	Biology
For many data sets, it is useful to simultaneously vary multiple filtration parameters, for example feature scale and density.	Mathematics
We then also define a version $\mathbf L \mathcal Bin_X$ of the derived binomial monad on the $\infty$-category of $\mathscr D(\mathbb Z)$-valued sheaves on a sufficiently nice topological space $X$.	Mathematics
In many safety-critical engineering domains, hazard analysis techniques are an essential part of requirement elicitation.	AI
However, the effect of assortativity on systemic risk is subtle, and we propose a simple graph theoretic quantity, which we call the graph-assortativity coefficient, that can be used to assess systemic risk.	Finance
We apply deep neural networks in the forecasting domain by experimenting with techniques from Natural Language Processing (Encoder-Decoder LSTMs) and Computer Vision (Dilated CNNs), as well as incorporating transfer learning.	Finance
We show how to measure the strength of competition in a spatial network by extracting the exponent of the scaling of the prices with the size of the system.	Economics
The proposed generative adversarial network (GAN) is named as DDGAN (double-discriminator GAN) which discriminates both images and spectral labels.	Physics
Overall, we highlight the importance of identifying key molecular consequences of co-excipient selection, aiding in the establishment of rational formulation design rules.	Biology
Such time-bin encoding removes sensitivity to polarization errors, enables long-distance quantum communication, and is extensible to quantum memories with more than two states.	Physics
Let $A$ denote the cylinder $\mathbb R \times S^1$ or the band $\mathbb R \times I$, where $I$ stands for the closed interval.	Mathematics
We introduce \emph{informational punishment} to the design of mechanisms that compete with an exogenous status quo mechanism: Players can send garbled public messages with some delay, and others cannot commit to ignoring them.	Economics
In this work, we demonstrate an enhancement of the optical Kerr effect by more than three orders of magnitude using guided-mode resonance in a dielectric diffraction grating with an overall thickness of less than 300 nm.	Physics
This result is an essential step toward energy harvesting with a low-environmental load and cost-effective material with high throughput, a necessary condition for energy-autonomous sensor nodes for the trillion sensors universe.	Physics
The gravity model satisfactorily predicts the volume of trade between connected countries, but cannot reproduce the observed missing links (i.e. the topology).	Finance
Persistent homology naturally addresses the multi-scale topological characteristics of the large-scale structure as a distribution of clusters, loops, and voids.	Mathematics
Accurately measuring the three-dimensional thermal conductivity tensor is essential for understanding and engineering the thermal behavior of anisotropic materials.	Physics
These findings suggest that perceived advantages between pension systems often result from their formulation rather than substantive economic differences.	Economics
While the complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (CMOS) technology is the mainstream for the hardware implementation of neural networks, we explore an alternative route based on a new class of spiking oscillators we call thermal neuristors, which operate and interact solely via thermal processes.	Physics
Each representation of ordered probabilistic choice behavior can be associated with a copula, enabling the analysis of representations through established results from copula theory.	Economics
We also prove that the classes of cotorsion and graded-cotorsion CDG-modules coincide, and the contraderived category of CDG-modules is equivalent to the homotopy category of graded-flat graded-cotorsion CDG-modules.	Mathematics
These weaknesses suggest approaches to predict alternative folds more reliably.	Biology
Two {\color{black} synthetic} data sets, and one real gold-price data set have been analyzed to see the performance of the proposed model in practice.	Finance
This paper explores the critical role of preference data in the training process of diffusion models, particularly in the context of Diffusion-DPO and its subsequent adaptations.	AI
One such pro is to get rid of paper money (and coinage), a ubiquitous medium for spreading germs, as highlighted by the recent coronavirus outbreak.	Finance
This paper establishes a formal framework for leverage staking with stETH and identifies 442 such positions on Ethereum over 963 days.	Finance
Investment network visualization techniques helped to validate the results based on network`s statistical measures.	Finance
This paper acts as a collection of various trading strategies and useful pieces of market information that might help to implement such strategies.	Finance
In machine-vs-machine games, the well-known chess engine Stockfish comes out on top.	Economics
We introduce a ``homotopy theory'' framework for working with this notion, and ``contractibility'' is in fact simply an analog of the usual contractibility in algebraic topology.	Mathematics
With non-conflictual outside options Attackers become exceptionally aggressive when their opponent has access to high-benefit, low-cost production, and refrain from attack most when they are unilaterally provided with a high-benefit, high-cost production option.	Economics
It is shown that an electron can change subbands during free flight due to the ODEM-induced inter-subband transitions.	Physics
In this article, we prove that, given two finite connected graphs $\Gamma_1$ and $\Gamma_2$, if the two right-angled Artin groups $A(\Gamma_1)$ and $A(\Gamma_2)$ are quasi-isometric, then the infinite pointed sums $\bigvee_\mathbb{N} \Gamma_1^{\bowtie}$ and $\bigvee_\mathbb{N} \Gamma_2^{\bowtie}$ are homotopy equivalent, where $\Gamma_i^{\bowtie}$ denotes the simplicial complex whose vertex-set is $\Gamma_i$ and whose simplices are given by joins.	Mathematics
Some of these points are determined by the filtration data as they are entrance values of critical simplices.	Mathematics
On the other hand, by combining with the other two commonly-used methods when it comes to building the sentiment index in the financial literature, i.e., the option-implied and the market-implied approaches, we propose a more general and comprehensive framework for the financial sentiment analysis, and further provide convincing outcomes for the predictability of individual stock return by combining LSTM (with a feature of a nonlinear mapping).	Finance
We also analyze the behavior of parametrized homotopic distance under compositions and products of fibrewise maps, along with its interaction with the triangle inequality.	Mathematics
Despite of its popularity, there are many different definitions of FinTech.	Finance
For all algebraic groups over non-Archimedean local fields, the bounded cohomology vanishes.	Mathematics
Through systematic deposition optimization, state-of-the-art YIG films exhibiting ultralow magnetic damping could be obtained, which is critical for high-performance spintronic applications.	Physics
Detailed examples tailored to specific communication scenarios are then presented.	Physics
A key application of this mechanism is to improve the peer review of large scientific conferences where a paper often has multiple authors and many authors have multiple papers.	Economics
We demonstrate that this correlation does not depend on the balance of payments nor on the nominal value of trade or trade agreements; it is instead linked to the way the Global Value Chains (GVCs) shape global trade.	Finance
Along this latter line of research, methods have recently been proposed for generating 3D molecules using equivariant graph neural networks (GNNs) within a DDPM framework.	Biology
However, existing methods struggle in capturing the true data distribution and tend to be computationally expensive.	Biology
We generalize several basic facts about the motivic sphere spectrum in $\mathbb A^1$-homotopy theory to the category $\mathrm{MS}$ of non-$\mathbb A^1$-invariant motivic spectra over a derived scheme.	Mathematics
In this paper, a statistical analysis of the performance of a low insulin index, alkaline and functional diet developed by ANTUR evaluated with machine learning techniques is reported.	Physics
We compute the Chow ring of a quasi-split geometrically almost simple algebraic group assuming the coefficients to be a field.	Mathematics
Finally, we present an application of the SSD-core to the multiple newsvendors problem, where we provide a characterization of risk averse behaviour of players with an interpretation in terms of the model.	Economics
While showcasing a new way for controlling vibration information transmission, our findings highlight the potential role of phase as an additional parameter in nonreciprocal transmission in spatiotemporally modulated systems.	Physics
Machine learning is attracting surging interest across nearly all scientific areas by enabling the analysis of large datasets and the extraction of scientific information from incomplete data.	Physics
However, existing benchmarks, such as SWE-bench, focus almost exclusively on Python, making them insufficient for evaluating Large Language Models (LLMs) across diverse software ecosystems.	AI
Communication happens in discrete time and, at each period, agents draw and display one ball from their urn with replacement.	Economics
We employ a dedicated balancing between the control parameters, derived from lattice theory and adjusted to the waveguide system, to drive the dynamics into a stable parity-time-symmetric regime.	Physics
When no neutralizing IgG antibody was present in the sample, the particles would bind to the ACE-2 with high affinity.	Biology
To support conventional OD and establish an intuitive prior for VG task, we fine-tune an open-set object detector using referring expression data, framing it as a partially supervised OD task.	AI
To prove our result, we study the symplectic Steinberg module, i.e. the top-dimensional homology group of the spherical building associated to $\operatorname{Sp}_{2n}(K)$. We show that this module is not generated by integral apartment classes.	Mathematics
We present the Integrated Size and Price Optimization Problem (ISPO) for a fashion discounter with many branches.	Finance
We present Structural molecular identifier of Molecular images in Chemical Reaction Mechanisms (SMiCRM), a dataset designed to benchmark machine recognition capabilities of chemical molecules with arrow-pushing annotations.	Biology
A stochastic Ramsey pricing program that maximizes social welfare subject to the revenue break-even constraint for the regulated utility is formulated.	Economics
Therefore, we aggregate, parse, and analyze empirical data of four finance applications calculating coefficients for the statistical dispersion of the governance token distribution.	Finance
Game dynamics theory, as a field of science, the consistency of theory and experiment is essential.	Economics
Therefore, we propose MolRL-MGPT, a reinforcement learning algorithm with multiple GPT agents for drug molecular generation.	Biology
In addition, this computation automatically identifies the 2D regions (patches) that capture where the two networks are different.	Mathematics
This is accomplished by new biased definitions for (wheeled) props, and an extension of the theory of Groebner bases for operads to apply to groupoid coloured operads.	Mathematics
Notably, in contrast to conventional pooling-based hierarchical models, our GET is able to retain fine-grained information of all levels.	Biology
Evaluations across diverse protein targets confirm that Chem42 surpasses existing approaches in chemical validity, target-aware design, and predicted binding affinity.	Biology
However, assertions that other backbones are physicochemically impossible have relaxed into arguments that they are disadvantageous.	Biology
Thirdly, we introduce a double regularization penalty to control the synthetic samples proximity to the decision boundary and avoid class overlap.	AI
We close by describing experiments on Fisher markets which suggest potential ways to extend our theoretical results, by demonstrating how different properties of the objective function can affect the convergence and convergence rate of our algorithms.	Economics
Precisely, we consider a circle partitioned into several states where a local authority decides autonomously about its investment, production and depollution strategies over time knowing that investment/production generates pollution, and pollution is transboundary.	Economics
We show that the rational homotopy groups $\pi_{*}(\Omega \Sigma Y)\otimes \mathbb{Q}$ admit such a structure for the loop space $\Omega \Sigma Y$ of a suspension $\Sigma Y$ that characterizes $Y$ up to rational homotopy equivalence.	Mathematics
The decomposition done for simplicial distributions on a cone measurement space provides deeper insights into the geometry of simplicial distributions on a suspension measurement space and aids in characterizing the contextuality there.	Mathematics
In this study, we introduce a unique superconducting hybrid device using a novel artificial spin ice structure composed of asymmetric nanomagnets.	Physics
Finally, we provide some simple applications generalizing the Wang long exact sequence to Lie algebra actions of low codimension.	Mathematics
In order to understand such a complexity, different theories have been developed since the sixteenth century and today new ideas still continue to enter the game.	Finance
Therefore, we introduce two novel methods, EMA Quantizer (Q-EMA) and Adaptive Ramping Optimizer (Q-Ramping), to resolve the oscillation problem.	AI
From unbiased molecular simulation data, an unsupervised deep learning method measures the differences in protein dynamics at a ligand-binding site depending on the bound ligands.	Biology
In the end we prove the structure theorems of such graph products in the form we need.	Mathematics
We found a strong relationship between the frequency of each helix class and its standard deviation of the frequency upon repeated Boltzmann sampling.	Biology
This can add an extra layer of protection in keeping the number of infected cases to a minimum and control the pandemic by identifying asymptomatic or pre-symptomatic people early.	Biology
We also found and categorised advantages, challenges, and recommendations regarding LLM adoption.	AI
We give an intrinsic definition of the split pieces beyond the idempotent description in order to understand what is the minimal information needed to determine an arbitrary rational incomplete G-Mackey functor.	Mathematics
Furthermore, our method can reveal unexplored relationships between specific inputs and outcomes, providing a way to validate these new connections further.	AI
We discuss their fundamental algebraic properties, which enable intuitive model-free analysis of fluorescence data despite the complexity of the underlying phenomena.	Biology
We develop a theory of exclusion zones, derived from properties of the voter distribution, which serve to show how moderate and extreme candidates interact during IRV vote tabulation.	Economics
Our work contributes to the growing body of research on the synchronization of coupled oscillators in spintronics and could pave the way for the development of new types of spintronic devices and potential applications.	Physics
We first revisit previous experiments on graphical perception and update the benchmark performance of CNNs.	AI
These inconsistencies may manifest as contradictory outputs, failure to generalize across similar tasks, or erroneous conclusions in specific contexts.	AI
Our results suggest that whether the agent manipulates or invests in his type determines which arrangement of agencies is optimal.	Economics
We show how two different modulations can lead to the same diffraction angle but with different mixed output frequencies.	Physics
This computational intractability suggests seeking alternative approaches to computing the GPD.	Mathematics
The two proposed warm-start strategies achieve similar results to each other with respect to widely used metrics from benchmarks.	Biology
The Morava $E$-theories, $E_{n}$, are complex-oriented $2$-periodic ring spectra, with homotopy groups $\mathbb{W}_{\mathbb{F}_{p^{n}}}[[u_{1}, u_{2}, ... , u_{n-1}]][u,u^{-1}]$. Here $\mathbb{W}$ denotes the Witt vector ring.	Mathematics
Finally, (3) this relationship continued as long as the quality difference between imported and domestic rice existed.	Finance
As a consequence, we show that in equilibrium the security of the underlying blockchain is either $i)$ constant, or $ii)$ increases with the demand for the underlying cryptocurrency.	Finance
Optimal negative assortative disclosure is characterized as the solution to a pair of ordinary differential equations.	Economics
The single player setting is posed as an optimal stopping and control problem, while the two-player setting is posed as optimal stopping and mixed-Nash equilibria problem.	Finance
When $G$ is the trivial group, we explain how to identify equivariant parametrized cellular cohomology with cellular cohomology in local coefficients.	Mathematics
Spin models of markets inspired by physics models of magnetism, as the Ising model, allow for the study of the collective dynamics of interacting agents in a market.	Economics
We introduce the concepts of branched coarse coverings and transfers between coarse homology theories along them.	Mathematics
In our implementation, we use Generative Adversarial Networks (FCEGAN), which align explanations with user-defined constraints without requiring model retraining or additional optimization.	AI
Our aim is to leverage this parameter to maintain a healthy balance between block producers (who need to be compensated) and users (who need to feel encouraged to transact).	Economics
This paper offers a strategic rationale for zero-sum thinking in elections.	Economics
To address this, we propose Multi-View Permutation of Variational Auto-Encoders (MVP), which excavates invariant relationships between views in incomplete data.	AI
It can be implemented by a modified third-price auction or a pay-your-bid auction with a rebate.	Economics
In this work we present a comprehensive experimental analysis of several pre-trained RNA-LLM, comparing them for the RNA secondary structure prediction task in an unified deep learning framework.	Biology
In between the cusps, the cycle consists of the sum of 2 'crossing exponentials': one decaying and the other increasing.	Finance
Publicly released benchmarks inevitably become contaminated once incorporated into subsequent LLM training sets, undermining their reliability as faithful assessments.	AI
Finally, we note that the actions which have been used in the literature correspond to the simplest choices, in which all the coordinates equal zero.	Mathematics
We further present the results of the different methods and compare them with respect to their segmentation accuracy and efficiency.	AI
Recent methods have employed large language models to generate synthetic queries, which serve as proxies for actual user queries.	AI
This article addresses the problem of modeling sequence-dependent topologically closed and, therefore, stressed fragments of dsDNA.	Biology
The results highlight the effectiveness and reliability of our approach, demonstrating superior performance metrics and showcasing its exceptional potential for real-world fraud detection applications.	Finance
Our model naturally captures complementarities among starting sets, network resilience, and global effects, and highlights interdependence in channels through which contagion spreads.	Economics
We apply this to the stable motivic homotopy category and prove that the tensor of any motivic sphere with rational motivic cohomology is equivalent to the latter.	Mathematics
Declining market value is not necessarily a sign of integration problems, but rather a result of policy choices.	Finance
Paradoxical and ambiguous results already have been observed when different measurements provided by the World Bank have been compared with the ones from the systems of national accounts (SNA).	Finance
"It consists of the collection of ""simplices"" $\sigma = \{x_0, ..., x_k \} \subset S$, which correspond to nomempty $(k + 1)$-fold intersections of cells in a radius-restricted version of the Voronoi diagram."	Mathematics
It is a particular case of the Cross-Nested Logit model, based on random utility theory built with the idea of quantifying the role of floor space and agglomeration in retail location choice.	Finance
We settle three open questions raised by Brandt (2017): (i) there is no Condorcet-consistent SDS that satisfies PC-strategyproofness; (ii) there is no anonymous and neutral SDS that satisfies PC-efficiency and PC-strategyproofness; and (iii) there is no anonymous and neutral SDS that satisfies PC-efficiency and strict PC-participation.	Economics
We provide a necessary and sufficient condition for the implementability.	Economics
We decreased the accuracy degradation by more than $50\%$ compared to the baseline, and can even achieve competitive performance compared to full precision training.	AI
We explore the use of alternate norms in the definition of the level set function and define a new pseudo-inverse technique for upsampling basis coefficients with these norms.	Physics
This methodology, ChatGPT Guideline for Critical Argumentative Writing (CGCAW) framework, integrates the models with ChatGPT's capabilities to guide L2 learners in utilizing ChatGPT to enhance their critical thinking skills.	AI
An agent develops a new technology and, while privately learning about its harms and benefits, continually chooses whether to continue development.	Economics
We compute the twisted cohomology of the mapping class group with level structures with coefficients the $r$-tensor power of the Prym representations for any positive integer $r$. When $r\ge 2$, the cohomology turns out to be not stable when the genus is large, but it is stable when r is $0$ or $1$. As a corollary to our computations, we prove that the symplectic Prym representation of any finite abelian regular cover of a non-closed finite-type surface is infinitesimally rigid.	Mathematics
A diffraction experiment has been setup to determine the change in the string diameter for different tensile forces applied by means of hanging weights.	Physics
Despite this preference for accurate news -- and consistent with the predictions of our model -- we find markedly different engagement patterns for articles from misinformation versus mainstream news sites.	Economics
We also show that a stronger probabilistic guarantee may be made so long as the bound grows at most logarithmically in the underlying topological complexity of the market.	Economics
The deep learning architecture integrates (2+1)D convolutional neural networks for spatial and temporal feature extraction with LSTM for timeseries forecasting.	AI
The rate of unemployment will increase from 4.3% in 2012 to 5.5% in 2050.	Finance
A magnetoelectric coupling coefficient, {\alpha}ME ~44 mVcm-1Oe-1 was obtained for dc magnetic field of 600 Oe and a 10Hz ac field of 40 Oe.	Physics
Building on the work of Kaneta and Yoshinaga, Sazdanovic and Summers, and Asao and Izumihara, we provide two proofs of the existence of torsion in Eulerian magnitude homology, offer insights into the types and orders of torsion, and present explicit computations for various classes of graphs.	Mathematics
Existing mechanisms partially accomplish this but remain susceptible to groups of experts colluding to increase their expected reward, meaning that no aggregation of predictions can be fully trusted to represent the true beliefs of forecasters.	Economics
We obtain a near-optimal solution in terms of this objective: an incentive-compatible mechanism with a particular guarantee, and a nearly matching impossibility result for any incentive-compatible mechanism.	Economics
Significant advancements by structural biologists using cryo-EM have led to the production of over 38,626 protein density maps at various resolutions1.	Biology
We conclude that outlier dimensions are a specialized mechanism discovered by many distinct models to implement a useful token prediction heuristic.	AI
One such linear extensions is the cancellation of the pairs in the order of their persistence.	Mathematics
The knowledge implicitly encoded in model parameters can benefit various downstream tasks and help to alleviate several fundamental issues of learning on graphs.	Biology
We also study probability density functions of the full distributions of the returns with the emphasis on their asymmetry.	Economics
These streamline mappings form the connectome matrix, on which persistent homology based analysis and graph theoretical analysis are executed to evaluate the discriminatory power between tumor sub-types that include meningioma and glioma.	Mathematics
To address these challenges, we introduce OrchMLLM, a comprehensive framework designed to mitigate the inefficiencies in MLLM training caused by Modality Composition Incoherence.	AI
In this paper, we introduce a novel deep learning framework, called Distributional Graphormer (DiG), in an attempt to predict the equilibrium distribution of molecular systems.	Biology
By imposing information-theoretic rationality bounds (ITBR) on the expected utility agent, we find that the resultant agency is equivalent to that of active inference in MDPs, but slightly different in POMDPs.	Economics
Simulation results show that load duration pricing can correctly identify and value different attributes of generators, reduce the total electricity purchasing cost, and distribute profits among the power plants more equitably.	Finance
Further, by leveraging auxiliary synthetic data, MultiMorph generalizes to new imaging modalities and population groups at test-time.	AI
We also obtain a description of loop spaces of homotopy pushouts.	Mathematics
Motivated by this fascinating application, and the need for reliable methodologies to rationalize the design of AQPs or other biomimetic molecules with targeted filtration properties, we conduct in this work an all-round analysis of their structural features to provide crucial insights into the key determinants of functionality of these relevant biomolecules.	Biology
Development of methods to control the directional and spectral characteristics of thermal radiation from metallic surfaces is a critical factor enabling many important thermal management applications.	Physics
We extend this approach to peeling; this is challenging because peeling from heterogenous substrates is characterized by pinning where the peel front gets stuck at a heterogeneity followed by an abrupt depinning.	Physics
The reliability of counterfactual analysis in such settings remains largely unexplored.	AI
By deleting rep and DNA repair factors mutS and uvrA, perturbing transcription by mutating RNA polymerase, and antibiotic inhibition; we show that the presence of UvrD at the fork is dependent on its activity.	Biology
Multiparameter persistence modules come up naturally in topological data analysis and topological robotics.	Mathematics
We find no sign of a statistical degradation of long trends, whereas shorter trends have significantly withered.	Finance
Neurons with internal memory have been proposed for biological and bio-inspired neural networks, adding interesting functionality.	Physics
Starting from curated seed data with mathematical formulations (MF), this framework automatically generates problem data (PD) with controllable complexity.	AI
NoSQL databases have become increasingly popular due to their outstanding performance in handling large-scale, unstructured, and semi-structured data, highlighting the need for user-friendly interfaces to bridge the gap between non-technical users and complex database queries.	AI
We give explicit constructions of these `Dyer-Lashof operation' extensions: one construction relates them to the cofiber sequence associated to the C_2-transfer.	Mathematics
As a corollary, we obtain the realization of the orbit space $G_{n,2}/T^n$ as an universal object for the introduced categories.	Mathematics
Predicting the future trajectory of complex and rapidly evolving systems remains a significant challenge, particularly in domains where data is scarce or unreliable.	AI
Although diversification may be good for individual institutions, it can create dangerous systemic effects, and as a result financial contagion gets worse with too much diversification.	Finance
First, by exploiting the notion of distributionally robust social surplus function, we show that the DRO-RUM endogenously generates a shock distributionthat incorporates a correlation between the utilities of the different alternatives.	Economics
In this thesis, we introduce a new variant of thin homotopy based on the definition of skeletal diffeologies introduced recently by Kihara and show that, in the abelian setting, ordinary differential cohomology can be completely recovered in terms of the homotopy theory of skeletal diffeological spaces.	Mathematics
However, these critical values alone are not sufficient for the matching distance computation and it is necessary to add so-called switch points, i.e. points such that on a line through any of them, the bottleneck matching switches the matched pair.	Mathematics
We present an equilibrium model of politics in which political platforms compete over public opinion.	Economics
High-resolution tissue imaging is often compromised by sample-induced optical aberrations that degrade resolution and contrast.	AI
We report a systematic quantitative evaluation of parametric amplification gain of magnetization dynamics in ytirrium iron garnet ($\mathrm{Y}_3\mathrm{Fe}_5\mathrm{O}_{12}$) thin disk via a.c. spin pumping and inverse spin Hall effect.	Physics
Inspired by this development, we present molecular embeddings obtained by training an efficient transformer encoder model, MoLFormer, which uses rotary positional embeddings.	Biology
Our study highlights the need for more diverse datasets and for targeted model development geared toward the agrochemical domain.	AI
Such forecasting models, based on a rich persistence structure that varies smoothly over time, outperform state-of-the-art benchmark models and are particularly useful for forecasting over longer horizons.	Finance
We introduce a novel, post-training approach called **Stick to the Facts (SIFT)** to tackle this.	AI
Simulation and real-world experiments validate the effectiveness of ICCO in achieving language-guided task-aligned multi-robot control.	AI
We show that in this case traditional persistent homology becomes very sensitive to noise and fails to detect the correct topology.	Mathematics
This article surveys the general (rational-)homotopy theoretic understanding of flux- and charge-quantization via the Chern-Dold character map generalized to the non-linear (self-sourcing) Bianchi identities that appear in higher-dimensional supergravity theories, notably for B&RR-fields in D=10, for the C-field in D=11 supergravity, and for the B-field on fivebrane worldvolumes.	Mathematics
Motivated by (perturbative) quantum observables in Lorentzian signature we define a new operad: the operad of causally disjoint disks.	Mathematics
To escape local optima, our optimization is modeled as a Markov decision process using reinforcement learning acting directly in latent space.	Biology
It is shown that Unified Growth Theory is contradicted by the data, which were used, but not analysed, during the formulation of this theory.	Finance
To address this challenge, we propose SAMURAI, a novel framework for safeguarding against malicious usage of AI hardware and its resilience to attacks.	AI
We conclude that SEIDR effectively overcomes the near-miss syndrome in program synthesis with LLMs.	AI
One architecture that can generate complete 3D photonic band gaps is the diamond cubic lattice, which has remained difficult to realize at length scales comparable to the wavelength of visible or ultraviolet light.	Physics
Instead, as we show here, such networks require a more subtle asymptotic analysis based on the decomposition of the network into reversible and irreversible sub-networks and the exact solution of the chemical master equation (CME).	Biology
Experimental results show that DTIL outperforms MAIL baselines and accurately models team behavior across a variety of collaborative scenarios.	AI
We use this to establish an integer-graded cohomology theory for these diagram algebras and identify this with the Tate cohomology of a group.	Mathematics
This study empirically re-examines fat tails in stock return distributions by applying statistical methods to an extensive dataset taken from the Korean stock market.	Finance
To address these questions, we generate and analyze synthetic data produced using a minimal model that allows us to control the amounts of structural constraints and phylogeny.	Biology
Distance fields are central objects in shape representation, while topological data analysis uses algebraic topology to characterize geometric and topological patterns in shapes.	Mathematics
Here, we propose FuXi-RTM, a hybrid physics-guided deep learning framework designed to enhance weather forecast accuracy while enforcing physical consistency.	AI
Recent breakthroughs in Artificial Intelligence (AI) have revolutionized biomolecular research, achieving remarkable accuracy in biomolecular prediction and design.	Biology
Designing ligand-binding proteins, such as enzymes and biosensors, is essential in bioengineering and protein biology.	Biology
Firms and statistical agencies must protect the privacy of the individuals whose data they collect, analyze, and publish.	Economics
The equilibrium analysis becomes intractable as the number of participants increases.	Economics
We investigated twinning in FCC crystals to illustrate the methodology, and predicted the CRSS of twinning under different variables such as temperature and strain rate, both of which were in excellent agreement with experimental and other theory results.	Physics
Using molecular dynamics simulations, we have deciphered how the positively charged N proteins interact and condense the very long genomic RNA resulting in its packaging by a lipid envelope decorated with structural proteins inside a host cell.	Biology
Timing in buying an option contract is of capital importance.	Finance
Research has shown that synaptic plasticity can make policies more robust and help them adapt to unforeseen changes in the environment.	AI
"We show that for piecewise H\""older-continuous functions, with control over the reach of the discontinuities set, taking the persistence diagram coming from a simple histogram estimator of the signal, permit to achieve the minimax rates known for H\""older-continuous functions."	Mathematics
Run out, pitch, yaw and roll have been measured demonstrating an overall good performance.	Physics
We developed a circuit model for the proposed structure and compared the results with those obtained from full-wave simulations.	Physics
This paper presents a distributed pressure-matching (PM) method relying on diffusion adaptation (DPM-D) to spread the computational load amongst nodes in order to overcome these issues.	Physics
Orbital angular momentum (OAM) modes have emerged as a promising solution for enhancing the capacity of optical multiplexing systems, leveraging their theoretically unbounded set of orthogonal spatial modes.	Physics
The first dataset pairs aerial and satellite imagery with captions generated by Gemini using landmarks extracted from Google Maps.	AI
CoDA extracts key contrastive textual and visual features of target concepts against the known concepts they are misrecognized as, and then uses multimodal generative models to produce targeted synthetic data.	AI
Experimental results across multiple real-world datasets and evaluation metrics demonstrate that DM performs competitively on target classification tasks compared to existing self-supervised transfer learning methods.	AI
While great strides have been made toward solving this problem, the current state-of-the-art method depends on time-intensive, proprietary, and expert-parameterized fragmentation tree construction and scoring.	Biology
Finally, in large communities where all agents have equal voting weight, vote delegation has a negligible impact on the outcome.	Economics
K-mer topology substantially outperforms state-of-the-art methods on a variety of benchmark datasets, including mammalian mitochondrial genomes, Rhinovirus, SARS-CoV-2 variants, Ebola virus, Hepatitis E virus, Influenza hemagglutinin genes, and whole bacterial genomes.	Mathematics
We propose the use of spanning trees as a tool to identify such generators by introducing a condition for persistent spanning trees, which is accompanied by an existence result for cofiltrations consisting of spanning trees.	Mathematics
This is qualitatively assessed on synthetic data, applied to a two-dimensional Marmousi dataset and evaluated against deterministic and time-based approaches.	AI
We evaluate our 3D generative model in tasks relevant to drug design including shape-conditioned generation of chemically diverse molecular structures and shape-constrained molecular property optimization, demonstrating its utility over virtual screening of enumerated libraries.	Biology
This approach has several limitations, such as the potential lack of relevant audio in databases and the high costs associated with constructing and querying the databases.	AI
The first approach is to adopt smooth auctions such as discriminatory auctions.	Economics
Moreover, the formula tells us essential morphisms of $\mathbf{P}$ that are necessary to compute the multiplicity $d_M(V_I)$. This suggests us some poset morphism $\zeta \colon Z \to \mathbf{P}$ such that the induced restriction functor $R \colon \operatorname{mod} \mathbf{P} \to \operatorname{mod} Z$ has the property that the multiplicity $d:= d_{R(M)}(R(V_I))$ is equal to $d_M(V_I)$. If $Z$ can be taken as a poset of Dynkin type $\mathbb{A}$ as in the bipath case, then the calculation of the multiplicity $d$ can be done more efficiently, starting from the filtration level of topological spaces.	Mathematics
We discuss how the new quantile-based risk factors differ from popular volatility and downside risk factors, and we identify heterogeneous implications of quantile-dependent risks for asset prices.	Finance
Sensors do not know their locations, but can detect if the covered balls overlap.	Mathematics
Whereas the first theory has received much attention in the literature on Welfare Economics, the second one has only recently been introduced with the publication of the book by Joseph Fishkin, $\textit{Bottlenecks: A New Theory of Equal Opportunity}$.	Economics
To address this gap, we propose a general framework based on a close-loop predictive coding paradigm to perform short auditory signal memory tasks.	AI
Here we aim to present a comprehensive review of recent advances in AI-based retrosynthesis.	Biology
Our micromagnetic simulations unveil a distinctive non-monotonic relationship between current and auto-oscillation frequency in out-of-plane magnetic fields.	Physics
A decision maker repeatedly chooses one of a finite set of actions.	Economics
"Furthermore, we show that in any dimension $n$ the class $[\mu_3]$ and the Bianchi-Massey tensor invented by Crowley-Nordstr\""om in [J. Topol. 13(2020), 539-575] define each other uniquely."	Mathematics
We show that the correspondence between the two formulations is a one-to-one isometry.	Physics
Existing approaches in quantitative research could not handle such data without any reliable prior knowledge nor strong assumptions.	Finance
We report the balanced accuracy at the optimal threshold to assess replica classification performance.	AI
Our main result, however, is that under some conditions there are also equilibria in which the proposer obtains the high payoff that he would with commitment power.	Economics
More precisely, any locally linear $(S^3)^n$-manifold that it is equivariantly homotopic equivalent to a quoric manifold is equivariantly homeomorphic to it.	Mathematics
Cryogenic integrated circuits constructed from nanowire cryotrons, or nanocryotrons, can address this limitation by performing signal processing on chip.	Physics
We created and evaluated five collaborative AI agents with strategies that differ in the manner and degree they adapt to human actions.	AI
Our findings, derived from a Bibliometrics study of industry-academic relationships, highlight crucial collaborations in Germany, positioning the country as a strategic actor in international TIS and, by extension, in applying 5G/6G technological systems to remote surgery due to its knowledge production capability.	Economics
In this paper, first, based on our new definitions of admissible pair and admissible relations among the set of minimal paths, we will give the definitions of cellular chain complex associated to $G$ and prove the well-definedness.	Mathematics
As one enjoys the benefit of the public goods, the potential benefits of the project are not always maximized and may be partly wasted.	Finance
We demonstrate the routing of arbitrary-polarized heralded single photons with a 1.3% loss, a $>$ 22 dB switching extinction ratio, and $>$ 99% polarization process fidelity to ideal identity operation.	Physics
We find that dispersive wave propagation, associated with large stress attenuation, occurs much more prevalently in systems with larger fiber aspect ratios and moderate fiber flexibility.	Physics
This combination helps our method capture both node features and graph structure together.	AI
In this work, we explore the few-shot setting of such pre-trained generative sampler which incorporates MD simulations in a tractable manner.	Biology
"The research methods include enabling the model to ""read the board,"" ""understand the rules,"" ""select strategies,"" and ""evaluate positions,"" while en-hancing its abilities through self-play and rein-forcement learning."	AI
Our computations in the case of curved complex Lie algebras reveal an interesting link between their Andr\'e-Quillen cohomology and derived complex analytic geometry.	Mathematics
In the present study, we implemented various chemical strategies to improve the metabolic stability of the biologically active fragment NT(8-13) and assessed their NTS1/NTS2 relative binding affinities.	Biology
The logistic estimation results suggest that education and household income from farming activities positively affect the likelihood of purchasing insurance.	Finance
We will present a new measure for contagion among individual currencies within the Foreign exchange market and show how the paths of contagion work within the Forex using causal inference.	Finance
An agenda-setter has the right to make a proposal about a public-good level and a vector of contributions.	Economics
Task allocation and workers' motivation interact through the organization's promotion decisions.	Economics
In this study, we introduce a comprehensive dataset of small molecule-protein interactions, consisting of over a million binding structures, each annotated with real biological activity labels.	Biology
Metal halide perovskites (MHPs) have shown an incredible rise in efficiency, reaching as high as 25.7%, which now competes with traditional photovoltaic technologies.	Physics
However, one opinion type is less biased than the other depending on the state of the world.	Economics
We also show a proof-of-concept application for solving the shape alignment problem with gradient descent and adaptive grid search, which are two powerful methods neither of which is possible using the discretized transform.	Mathematics
dTMP supplementation in the media rescues filamentation and restores in vivo Tmk kinetics to almost perfect Michaelis-Menten, like its kinetics in vitro.	Biology
Our model predicts AlphaFold2's pLDDT (predicted Local Distance Difference Test) scores with a Pearson correlation of 0.7891 and processes proteins in just 0.007 seconds on average.	Biology
Inductive measurements with the detection based on a two-photon interaction in rf atomic magnetometers address some of these issues, as the sensor gains an uplift in its operational frequency.	Physics
By enabling modular parameter editing, our approach fosters practical deployment of adaptable foundation models in real-world applications.	AI
Controlling readability of textual data is an important element for creating summaries for different audiences with varying literacy and education levels, such as students ranging from primary school to graduate level, as well as individuals with diverse educational backgrounds.	AI
In this distribution, the rule can be also referred to as, for example, the 25/5, 45/10, 60/15, or 90/25 rule.	Finance
Many questions that arise, such as existence, optimality, and diversity of motion paths in the configuration space that describes feasible robot configurations, are of topological nature.	Mathematics
Importantly, our theory highlights the critical role played by the large mean free paths and interlayer atomic spacings unique to van der Waals structures, showing the latter's advantages over other materials in generating water window X-rays.	Physics
This has been done by re-formulating the pseudo-spectral FWI problem as a Deep Learning algorithm for a theory-driven pseudo-spectral approach.	AI
Our results highlight the potential of architectures inspired by the Global Workspace Theory to enhance deep learning's reasoning capabilities.	AI
However, existing benchmarks for evaluating video understanding exhibit significant limitations in coverage, task diversity, and scene adaptability.	AI
Simultaneously addressing the shortcomings of utility and those of expectations, we propose to evaluate gambles by averaging wealth growth over time.	Finance
Here we argue that this connection also explains the impressive performance of molecular motors by enabling molecules to evade conclusions of Feynman's ratchet-and-pawl analysis.	Biology
Contrary to what one might expect, we find that having less information (observing each other's actions instead of experiences) can sometimes be beneficial to the agents.	Economics
The classic Bayesian persuasion model assumes a Bayesian and best-responding receiver.	Economics
Lipid droplet microarrays are a promising solution to this problem as they are capable of delivering lipophilic drugs to cells at dosages comparable to solution delivery.	Biology
In particular, these methods show that there is a high density of knowledge neurons in the key vector prediction networks of self-attention modules.	Biology
This highlights the crucial role of in enhancing spin-torque efficiency and elucidating spin flow modulation mechanics in this crystalline context.	Physics
Therefore, these rates feature jumps at known times (Federal Open Market Committee meeting dates), and market expectations of these jumps are reflected in prices for futures written on these rates.	Finance
We provide detailed characterization of lipids, proteins, and polysaccharides, which are contained in the spores.	Physics
We then derive an equivalent single-level reformulation and develop a cut-and-column generation algorithm.	Economics
However, most existing world models rely heavily on substantial action-labeled data and costly training, making it challenging to adapt to novel environments with heterogeneous actions through limited interactions.	AI
A result \cite{matcomp} from 2006 of Aharoni and the first author of this paper states that for any two natural numbers p, q, where p divides q, if a matroid M is p-colorable and a matroid N is q-colorable then M \cap N is (p+q)-colorable.	Mathematics
Our exhaustive analysis covers transactions up to block 760,000, offering a comprehensive insight into CoinJoin transactions and their implications for Bitcoin blockchain analysis.	Finance
Finally, we note that evolutionary biology, more than physics, is now playing a growing role to inspire models of financial markets.	Finance
The occurrence of quasi-chaotic oscillations in the tested models was demonstrated.	Physics
We then enhance our attention overload model to accommodate heterogeneous preferences.	Economics
To make it a homotopy functorial invariant we characterize it as a particular instance of the exterior sectional category of an exterior map, an invariant of the exterior homotopy category which is also deeply analyzed.	Mathematics
We study properties of the primitive path homology and describe relations between the primitive path homology and the path homology.	Mathematics
Electrical breakdown allows us to probe the weakest points in barriers.	Physics
"For a poset $P$ and a closed symmetric monoidal abelian category $\mathcal{C}$, we define M\""obius cohomology as the derived functors of an enriched hom functor on the category of $P$-modules."	Mathematics
Herein, this material-aerodynamics cross-disciplinary study develops novel radiometer vanes with graphene aerogel coatings, which for the first time realize an order of magnitude enhancement in radiometric propulsion.	Physics
By contrast, EPSW that is not based on protected class can decrease the gender wage gap.	Economics
The kind of realized mission inflows the sensitivity to risk.	Finance
They appear naturally in the representation theory of algebras, but in recent years they have also found applications in other areas of mathematics, including symplectic topology, complex analysis, and topological data analysis, where they arise from filtrations of topological spaces by the sublevel sets of real-valued functions.	Mathematics
Given a local $\otimes$-triangulated category, and a fiber sequence $y\to 1 \to x$, one may ask if there is always a nonzero object $z$ such that either $z\otimes f$ or $z\otimes g$ is $\otimes$-nilpotent.	Mathematics
I also use the revealed preference theory that provides testable implications for observable choice probabilities.	Economics
We treat examples related to Fukaya categories and representation theory.	Mathematics
Modulating PMA in crystallized CoFeB-MgO materials through ionic migration opens the path to integrating magneto-ionics in full magnetic tunnel junctions.	Physics
Beyond sports, PR$^e$ has broad applicability in domains where Elo ratings are used, from college rankings to the evaluation of large language models.	Economics
In response, we introduce TwinSynths, a new benchmark generation methodology that constructs visually near-identical pairs of real and synthetic images to ensure high quality and content preservation.	AI
We describe such a pipeline and demonstrate that graphcodes achieve better classification accuracy than state-of-the-art approaches on various datasets.	Mathematics
Previous works try to solve the cold start problem by learning the drug or target representation using unsupervised learning.	Biology
Electrically tunable SOI through electrostatic gates have been investigated, however, the relatively weak and volatile tunability limit its practical applications in spintronics.	Physics
We consider the classic veto bargaining model but allow the agenda setter to engage in persuasion to convince the veto player to approve her proposal.	Economics
We consider cases in which the constrained rebalancer is partially informed as well as the special case in which the rebalancer is ex ante uninformed.	Finance
Chart generation aims to generate code to produce charts satisfying the desired visual properties, e.g., texts, layout, color, and type.	AI
Based on above,a scalable interestingness calculation framework that can apply various formulas is proposed for accurately calculating interestingness in different conditions.	AI
Additionally, we introduce the concept of a strong-good cover for simplicial complexes and finite spaces, char acterized by collapsible (rather than merely contractible) intersections.	Mathematics
The HTS stacks are transformed into trapped field stacks (TFSs) through pulsed field magnetisation (PFM), generating rotor fields.	Physics
On the fundamental principles of economics, we discover that the probability of a shareholder possessing optimal control power evolves in Fibonacci series pattern and emerges as the wave between 1/2 and 2/3 along with time in period of 12h (h is the time interval between the state and state of the evolution).	Economics
We give a necessary and sufficient condition for existence of spinc structures on real Bott manifolds.	Mathematics
By combining these analytic solutions using computer algebra, we can use numerical techniques to efficiently map the landscape of parameters and geometries which the coils must satisfy.	Physics
In this paper, we explore suppressing the flux jumps by ferromagnetic (FM) layer.	Physics
Large language models (LLMs) demonstrate strong potential as agents for tool invocation due to their advanced comprehension and planning capabilities.	AI
Investors invest in firms and move along sectors based on firms' expected long-run returns.	Finance
Here we measure the industry, occupation, and location-specific knowledge carried by workers from one establishment to the next using a dataset summarizing the individual work history for an entire country.	Finance
We find that under the interview matching mechanism with a limit of $k$ interviews per candidate and per position, the fraction of positions that are unfilled vanishes quickly with $k$. Moreover the ex post efficiency grows rapidly with $k$, and reporting sincere pre-interview preferences to this mechanism is an $\epsilon$-Bayes Nash equilibrium.	Economics
The purpose is to lead the company to locate its activity in the place that would allow it a competitive advantage.	Finance
Indeeds, using three IMU sensors, the LSTM achieved high terrain classification accuracy (0.94 +- 0.04) and precise ramp slope (1.95 +- 0.58{\deg}) and the CNN-LSTM a stair height (15.65 +- 7.40 mm) estimations.	AI
We present a technique to rapidly map an ensemble of these single photon emitters, identifying all emitters, not just those with absorption dipole parallel to the laser polarization.	Physics
Traditionally, this problem has been addressed by explicitly searching for receptor conformations to account for the flexibility of the receptor in ligand binding.	Biology
Finally, we show how the quantities are associated with metrics of economic performance, suggesting our theory can provide testable implications for why some cities are more prosperous than others.	Finance
These computations led to the computation of $K$-theory of the Roe algebra of free products of geodesic coarsely convex spaces via the coarse Baum-Connes conjecture.	Mathematics
A theorem of Bergner, Osorno, Ozornova, Rovelli, and Scheimbauer states an equivalence between 2-Segal spaces and certain augmented stable double Segal spaces.	Mathematics
We illustrate this measure using data from seven national economies, spanning several decades.	Finance
Results demonstrate that PiT achieves superior performance and data efficiency compared to baselines.	Physics
Using a vector-based retrieval process and a locally deployed language model, our framework produces responses that are both contextually relevant and verifiable, with direct references to clinical evidence.	AI
The model ensures the graduation of Gini index values by polynomial degree of wage distribution as well as different types of income distribution.	Finance
With increasing instrument capabilities, large quantities of high precision optical components are required to guide, manipulate, and analyze the light from astronomical sources.	Physics
With the rapid development of 3D printing, the demand for personalized and customized production on the manufacturing line is steadily increasing.	AI
Near-unity absorption and high quality (Q>80) resonance interaction in the vicinity of the transverse optical phonon is observed.	Physics
Recent advancements in LLM-based multi-agent (LLM-MA) systems have shown promise, yet significant challenges remain in managing communication and refinement when agents collaborate on complex tasks.	AI
Results: We demonstrate that tensor factorisation models can achieve state-of-the-art performance on polypharmacy side effect prediction, with our best model (SimplE) achieving median scores of 0.978 AUROC, 0.971 AUPRC, and 1.000 AP@50 across 963 side effects.	Biology
Nucleic acid-based drugs like aptamers have recently demonstrated great therapeutic potential.	Biology
The structural similarities between protein sequences and natural languages have led to parallel advancements in deep learning across both domains.	Biology
A new axiom for rules for claims problems is introduced.	Economics
The classic Mapper algorithm uses fixed interval lengths and overlapping ratios, which might fail to reveal subtle features of data, especially when the underlying structure is complex.	Mathematics
We present a model inspired by the Global Workspace Theory that integrates specialized modules to perform a sequential reasoning task.	AI
We study a social bandit problem featuring production and diffusion of knowledge.	Economics
This survey provides a focused review of the architectures, design, benchmarks, applications, and ethical considerations surrounding LLM-based scientific agents.	AI
The conformational landscape of proteins is crucial to understanding their functionality in complex biological processes.	Biology
The topic under study is of crucial importance, especially for developing countries.	Finance
A value of $1.77 \pm 0.20$ was obtained for the $^{237}$Np/$^{236}$U atom ratio for the GF source term in the marine environment.	Physics
The result of this study indicates a statistically significant negative relationship between the Cash Conversion Cycle and profitability, especially in terms of Return on Equity.	Finance
We develop a model of wishful thinking that incorporates the costs and benefits of biased beliefs.	Economics
Moreover, the adjusted scores are shown to be more accurate than the raw scores, with improvements being particularly significant when the noise level is high and the author has many submissions -- a scenario increasingly prevalent at large-scale ML/AI conferences.	Economics
"This is my old unpublished paper called ""The generalized Grassmann invariant""."	Mathematics
As a result of the unique quantum paraelectric phase of STO, we demonstrate a dynamically tunable linear Pockels coefficient ($r_{33}$) exceeding 500 pm/V at $T=5$ K, and study its full temperature and bias dependence.	Physics
To address this problem, we propose a more geometrical vectorization method of persistent diagrams based on maximal margin classification for Banach space, and additionaly propose a framework that utilizes topological data analysis to identify proteins with specific functions.	Biology
Our approach demonstrates the potential to scale beyond peta operations per second, marking a significant step towards achieving high-throughput energy-efficient optical computing.	Physics
In the case $n=1$ and $p \ge 7$ we make complete computations of $T(2)_*\mathrm{K}(R)$, for $R$ certain finite Galois extensions of the $K(1)$-local sphere.	Mathematics
By varying reactor pressure, we modulate the growth stress in the submicron epilayers and realise threading dislocation densities similar to that in thick buffered structures.	Physics
The scanning electron microscope (SEM) delivers high resolution, high depth of focus and an image quality as if microscopic objects are seen by the naked eye.	Physics
This is because, strong consistency of the players' beliefs cannot be witnessed by any probability distribution over the state space (i.e., a concrete common prior).	Economics
Repeated playing affords the players a large class of strategies that adapt a player's actions to all past observations and inferences obtained therefrom.	Economics
The prediction of intrinsic disorder regions has significant implications for understanding protein functions and dynamics.	Biology
Even more challenging is to achieve this velocity increase without any intervention with the waveguide profile, such as narrowing or widening, and particularly without interfering with the passage by flexible inclusions, either passive or active.	Physics
They require re-segmentation of the path when the routing changes.	AI
By strategically introducing weak points through cut-sharp edges, we successfully controlled the spread of nano-cracks.	Physics
The presented study highlights the efficiency of employing a KrF excimer laser to create diverse types of periodic nanostructures (LIPSS - laser induced periodic surface structures) on polyether ether ketone (PEEK) and polyethylene naphthalate (PEN) substrates.	Physics
The extraordinary polarization enhancement and high-field stability at cryogenic temperatures contrasts sharply with oxide ferroelectrics, establishing wurtzite ferroelectrics as a distinct class of polar materials with implications spanning fundamental physics to cryogenic non-volatile memory and quantum technologies.	Physics
We also characterize how credibility restricts the Sender's ability to persuade under different payoff structures.	Economics
We focus on a stochastic block model with two blocks, where the initial opinions of the individuals in different blocks are different.	Economics
We emphasize that a systems-level perspective is essential for better understanding, and purposefully shaping, agentic AI systems.	AI
We present a theoretical and computational framework to model the non-enzymatic polymerization of ribonucleotides and the template-dependent replication of primordial RNA molecules, at the interfaces between the aqueous solution and a clay mineral supplied by its interlayers and channels.	Biology
Diffusion geometry lets us develop Riemannian geometry methods that are accurate and, crucially, also extremely robust to noise and low-density data.	Mathematics
However the dynamic and stochastic nature of mining environments characterized by uncertainties such as equipment failures truck maintenance and variable haul cycle times poses significant challenges for traditional optimization methods While Reinforcement Learning RL has shown promise in adaptive decision making for mining logistics its practical deployment requires rigorous evaluation in realistic and customizable simulation environments The lack of standardized benchmarking environments limits fair algorithm comparisons reproducibility and the real world applicability of RL based approaches in open pit mining settings To address this challenge we introduce Mining Gym a configurable open source benchmarking environment designed for training testing and comparing RL algorithms in mining process optimization Built on Discrete Event Simulation DES and seamlessly integrated with the OpenAI Gym interface Mining Gym provides a structured testbed that enables the direct application of advanced RL algorithms from Stable Baselines The framework models key mining specific uncertainties such as equipment failures queue congestion and the stochasticity of mining processes ensuring a realistic and adaptive learning environment Additionally Mining Gym features a graphical user interface GUI for intuitive mine site configuration a comprehensive data logging system a built in KPI dashboard and real time visual representation of the mine site These capabilities facilitate standardized reproducible evaluations across multiple RL strategies and baseline heuristics	AI
Furthermore, we provide fully-adjustable Python code in which all parameter values can be chosen by the user.	Finance
With the advancement in large text-to-image models, many techniques have been developed to efficiently fine-tune those models for personalization, such as Low Rank Adaptation (LoRA).	AI
The seller specifies preferences over partitions of their supply between buyers as packaging costs.	Economics
Banking system crises are complex events that in a short span of time can inflict extensive damage to banks themselves and to the external economy.	Finance
Important features of the model are heterogeneity of enterprises, existence of bankruptcies and creation of new enterprises, as well as productivity increase.	Finance
Our model leverages deep knowledge on protein sequences from a pre-trained protein language model and maps mechanical unfolding responses to create novel proteins.	Biology
Replacing additivity in Shapley's original characterization by these requirements yields a new foundation of the Shapley value, i.e., it is the unique efficient and symmetric allocation rule that awards nothing to a null player and is immune to coalitional manipulations.	Economics
First, we provide a new expression for the Ohmic conductance, $g_{Ohmic} = i/V$. Second, several previous theoretical studies have suggested that the introduction of a viscosity gradient can result in the shift of the $i-V$ such that it does not cross the origin.	Physics
The Q-weighted mode density considers mode density, resonant frequencies, radiative loss, and intrinsic loss of multiple resonant modes, providing a comprehensive approach to govern broadband absorption properties.	Physics
Our findings show that for the single-peaked setting, some cases are solvable in polynomial time, while others are NP-hard for the compact representation - but admit a polynomial algorithm for the extensive representation.	Economics
Multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) has shown significant potential in traffic signal control (TSC).	AI
It is then converted to heat by internal friction in the polymer chains, causing the temperature of the polymer to rise at the focus locations while having little to no effect elsewhere.	Physics
Viruses and their hosts are involved in an 'arms race' where they continually evolve mechanisms to overcome each other.	Biology
Taking the Zero Hunger Program in Brazil as a case study, this study analyzes the impact of policy changes on the income distribution of the Brazilian population during the implementation of the program using a breakpoint regression approach.	Finance
Selection shapes all kinds of behaviors, including how we make decisions under uncertainty.	Economics
This paper proposes four ways of parametrizing the framework, where dynamic vs static parametrization is considered along with the probabilistic vs non-probabilistic.	Finance
Our extensive experiments on various datasets and models demonstrate that our proposed methods achieve the fastest and state-of-the-art performance.	AI
Forecasts have not become more accurate over the 30-year period studied.	Finance
Protein engineering seeks to identify protein sequences with optimized properties.	Biology
Methods: Internal DIC is developed based on the concept of applying a speckle pattern at an inner-plane of a transparent specimen.	Physics
We evaluate several LLMs on HalluVerse25, providing valuable insights into how proprietary models perform in detecting LLM-generated hallucinations across different contexts.	AI
\ge \sum_{i=p}^n 2^{i-p} \binom{i-1}{p-1} \cdot rank H_q(VR(Q_p;r))$ for all $n \ge p$. When $r\le 3$, this result and variants thereof provide tight lower bounds on the rank of $H_q(VR(Q_n;r))$ for all $n$, and for each $r \ge 4$ we produce novel lower bounds on the ranks of homology groups.	Mathematics
Our kl3m-004-128k-cased tokenizer uses 9-17% fewer tokens than GPT-4o and Llama3 for domain-specific documents, despite having a smaller vocabulary.	AI
This work explores the photovoltaic performance dependent spatially correlated fluctuation in a DQD photocell.	Physics
We define a notion of the criticality of a player for simple monotone games based on cooperation with other players, either to form a winning coalition or to break a winning one, with an essential role for all the players involved.	Economics
The assumption that the high hardness of the alloys as well as the differences in the corrosion resistance of the central and lateral parts of the specimens are due to the diffusion of carbon from the graphite mold into the specimen surface was suggested.	Physics
Leveraging accumulative protein databases, machine learning (ML) models, particularly those based on natural language processing (NLP), have considerably expedited protein engineering.	Biology
As a result, we gain new insight into both complexity and optimization, and clarify their interplay in preordered spaces.	Economics
Our results are a significant improvement over prior work that only shows logarithmic approximations for the case of additive utilities.	Economics
Finally, we introduce both token-level and sequence-level mixture-of-experts, enabling efficient fine-grained representation learning for both understanding and generation tasks.	AI
We compare our GW-Dreamer with various versions of the standard PPO and the original Dreamer algorithms.	AI
Our experiments suggest that the proposed method is a practical solution for tackling complex decision-making challenges.	AI
Our study is important for understanding the details of nano and microscale thermal transport in a highly conductive material.	Physics
Our goal is to find what has heretofore been elusive, namely an optimal decumulation strategy.	Finance
A molecule of dimension 125nm has caused around 479 Million human infections (80M for the USA) & 6.1 Million human deaths (977,000 for the USA) worldwide and slashed the global economy by US$ 8.5 Trillion over two years.	Biology
Our results allow us to determine the precise braid index for any non-alternating Type 1 or Type 2 pretzel link.	Mathematics
These effects hinge on the excitation of infrared-active soft phonon modes by terahertz fields.	Physics
The results are used to establish an Atiyah-Segal completion theorem for Hermitian $K$-theory and symplectic groups.	Mathematics
Let $a$ and $b$ be two positive integers such that $a, b < n$. We denote the inclusion $\Sigma \mathbb{C}P^a\rightarrow SU(n)$ by $\varepsilon_{a,n}$. Also, let $m$ and $n$ be two positive integers such that $m < n$.	Mathematics
This means that, when the functional motion of a protein is unknown, it should prove possible to predict it, since it amounts to guess a few values.	Biology
Cell-free prototyping can dramatically accelerate the design-build-test cycle of new functions in synthetic biology, in particular when linear DNA templates are used.	Biology
Secondly, the empirical results show that the implementation of margin trading and short selling will significantly promote the quantity of green technology innovation of pilot enterprises, but will not significantly promote the quality of green technology innovation of pilot enterprises.	Finance
They are even competitive with the strongest learning algorithm for domain-dependent planning.	AI
This research offers innovations for modeling complex relationships in blockchain data.	AI
Furthermore, unlike previous reductions, the value of the reduced game reveals the value of the given LP.	Economics
Wearable robotics for lower-limb assistance have become a pivotal area of research, aiming to enhance mobility for individuals with physical impairments or augment the performance of able-bodied users.	AI
In this paper, we revisit the persistent homology rank function, which is mathematically equivalent to a barcode and persistence diagram, as a tool for statistics and machine learning.	Mathematics
Otherwise, it will just contain a single stable state because of bistability suppression with gain in the system, which is unlike with any other investigation in this direction.	Physics
Results show that AI2Agent significantly reduces deployment time and improves success rates.	AI
We propose and solve a negotiation model of multiple players facing many alternative solutions.	Economics
ESOs/EBIs involve two-stage games and there are no perfect Nash Equilibria for the two sub-games.	Finance
These include leaf spaces of holomorphic foliations, intersections of real and Hermitian quadrics, the quotient construction of toric varieties, LVM and LVMB manifolds, complex-analytic structures on moment-angle manifolds and their partial quotients.	Mathematics
In recent years, the field of image generation has witnessed significant advancements, particularly in fine-tuning methods that align models with universal human preferences.	AI
In this paper, we demonstrate through Monte Carlo simulations using the GEANT4 toolkit that a combined analysis of muon scattering and absorption data can improve the identification of cargo materials compared to using scattering or absorption data alone.	Physics
A bookmaker is ready to offer one bet after every new discovery.	Economics
This paper presents a simple model to measure the relative economic growth of economic systems.	Finance
It integrates three key components: (1) retrieval, enabling automatized access to external data beyond an LLM's pre-trained knowledge; (2) generation, leveraging LLM capabilities for text synthesis; and (3) agent-driven learning, iteratively refining retrieval and query formulation processes.	AI
nearly 100,000 Bitcoin addresses labeled with an entity name and an entity type.	Finance
Here, we review the growing ecosystem of deep learning methods for modeling protein interactions, highlighting the diversity of these biophysically-informed models and their respective trade-offs.	Biology
The particles are exposed to salt concentration gradients generated in a double-junction microfluidic device.	Physics
The resulting Topological Optimal Transport (TpOT) framework provides a transport model on point clouds that minimises topological distortion while simultaneously yielding a geometrically informed matching between persistent homology cycles.	Mathematics
We, therefore, suggest that regulating the period of high-temperature incubation, in the one-phase regime, can serve as a unique method of controlling the hierarchical self-assembly mechanism of structurally disordered proteins.	Biology
Here, in contrast to the typically employed heavy metals, we study spin-to-charge conversion in ferromagnetic heterostructures with large spin-orbit interaction that function as the torque-generating layers.	Physics
It is common practice to outsource the training of machine learning models to cloud providers.	AI
Our method achieved superior performance in a low annotation budget scenario.	AI
The novel hits revealed by our screen can now be conveniently tested for activity in RdRP inhibition assays and if conformed testing for antiviral activity invitro before being tested in human trials	Biology
In practice, these results indicate that agents must go through the time-intensive process of accurately ranking each and every potential match candidate if they wish for the resulting match to be guaranteedly stable.	Economics
We say a spectrum $E$ has chromatic defect $n$ if $n$ is the smallest positive integer such that $E\otimes \mathrm{X(n)}$ is complex orientable.	Mathematics
Since the braid indices are already known for all alternating pretzel links from our previous work, it means that we have now completely determined the braid indices for all Type 1 and Type 2 pretzel links.	Mathematics
The present study proposes a novel conditional protein Language Model architecture, called Vaxformer, which is designed to produce natural-looking antigenicity-controlled SARS-CoV-2 spike proteins.	Biology
We fully characterize the class of all such Gaussian mechanisms (where the joint distribution of actions and private signals is a multivariate normal distribution) as well as the welfare- and revenue- optimal mechanisms within this class.	Economics
The electronic and phononic properties are investigated within density functional theory (DFT) and density functional perturbation theory (DFPT), while transport properties are obtained via the ab initio Boltzmann transport equation.	Physics
We study how different types of tight knots in the DNA segment just outside the pore impact unzipping at different driving forces.	Biology
It is demonstrated on the example of Spain, but the proposed methodology is of a general character.	Finance
The analysis characterizes the positive and normative distortions in the search for news arising from such manipulation, and it considers three remedies that increase the principal's payoff: a commitment to naive search, transfer of authority to the agent, and delegation to an intermediary who is biased in the agent's favor.	Economics
The financing of international trade then became increasingly centralized and credit instruments were standardized through the diffusion of the local standards of consecutive leading trading centres (Antwerp, Amsterdam, London).	Finance
A Thom spectrum model for a $C_2$-equivariant analogue of integral Brown--Gitler spectra is established and shown to have a multiplicative property.	Mathematics
We propose a feature extraction module that leverages a feature pyramid structure, along with multi-layer deformable attention, to effectively extract and integrate features from sparse depth maps and RGB images, which serve as the guiding condition for the diffusion process.	AI
This allows us to compute the solution accurately and with the efficient use of computational resources.	Finance
Specifically, we show these $K$-groups split as the sum of an explicitly computable term and the well-studied $RO(G)$-graded coefficient groups of the equivariant Eilenberg--MacLane spectrum $H\underline{\mathbb Z}$.	Mathematics
The UAVs are directed using Heat equation-driven area coverage (HEDAC) ergodic control method according to known probability density and detection function.	AI
This paper challenges the recent paradigm in atomic property prediction that links progress to growing dataset sizes and computational resources.	AI
Natural language is expected to be a key medium for various human-machine interactions in the era of large language models.	Biology
We first adapt the class of individual welfare measures introduced by Fleurbaey (2009) to settings where individual choice is discrete.	Economics
This is the first algorithm with these properties of which we are aware.	Mathematics
However, the constant levels will then look very different from the implications of expected CRRA utility or Epstein-Zin preferences in that consumption is much lower.	Economics
Our conceptual simulations highlight a robust steering capability (18.60{\deg} / 10nm) and SLSR (-13.46 dB @ 0{\deg} / -8.27 dB @ +/-45{\deg}), and initial measurements demonstrate the steering capability (9.8 {\deg} / 10nm, with smaller phase shifts design) and SLSR (-6.1dB @ -33.4{\deg}) from the preliminary fabrication.	Physics
Therefore, dividend-caring investors can choose firms that match their preferences by examining stock's dividend policies and financial statements, whereas executives can make use of dividend to signal their confidence, in the form of ambiguity aversion, on realizing the earnings implied by their financial statements.	Finance
The aggregated knowledge is obtained by assimilating new information through self-regularization within each modality and associating knowledge between modalities by prioritizing contributions from relevant modalities.	AI
This design freedom enables several orders of magnitude higher responsivity than systems with a single nonlinear resonator, which have been previously explored.	Physics
As information frictions vanish, there is a limiting equilibrium that is ex post efficient.	Economics
In a finite two player game consider the matrix of one player's payoff difference between any two consecutive pure strategies.	Economics
To also explain the observed market auto-correlations at intermediate scales, the model should be extended beyond the critical domain, to other network topologies, and to other models of critical dynamics.	Finance
A quota mechanism links together multiple decisions by imposing a quota across decisions.	Economics
This paper proposes a theoretical framework based on an equilibrium in style supply of stores and style demand of consumers to characterize store cash flow (revenue), leading to a strong explanation of this puzzle.	Economics
Topological data analysis (TDA) has had enormous success in science and engineering in the past decade.	Mathematics
In order to streamline the fine-tuning of foundation models, Low-Rank Adapters (LoRAs) have been substantially adopted across various fields, including instruction tuning and domain adaptation.	AI
In our model, given a set of agents, each agent has a fixed number of solutions which is exogenous to the mechanism, and privately sends a signal, e.g., a subset of solutions, to the principal.	Economics
Through a perturbation analysis based on the Krylov-Bogoliubov method of averaging, a set of first-order differential (slow-time) equations is obtained to conduct steady-state and conditional-stability analysis.	Physics
While VIT equips Multimodal LLMs (MLLMs) with promising multimodal capabilities, the current design choices for VIT often result in overfitting and shortcut learning, potentially degrading performance.	AI
The system achieves 84.3% accuracy in recognizing vehicle locations and 76.4% in determining steering direction, outperforming traditional models.	AI
Many dynamical systems are difficult or impossible to model using high fidelity physics based models.	Mathematics
We characterize a closed-form optimal stochastic mechanism and propose a closed-form regret-based mechanism, and establish that the ex-post regret under the latter is at most a constant multiple (dependent on the equity level) of the optimal worst-case regret.	Economics
Results contribute to current scholarly accounts of within-school inequalities, shedding light into policy strategies to improve the educational experiences of Black students in racially integrated settings.	Economics
In particular, we distill the technical mathematics used in their work into a form more suitable to a wider audience.	Economics
Existing tools designed for simulation of biological network models are not tailored to facilitate interventions on network dynamics nor to facilitate automated discovery.	Biology
To address this gap, we begin by addressing the dataset problem.	AI
However, further refinement of methodology is highly desired as most existing methods lack unified modeling of 2D topology and 3D geometry information and fail to effectively learn the structure-property relationship for molecule design.	Biology
We leverage a large language model to synthesize extensive symbolic expressions resembling real physics, and train the model to recover these formulas directly from data.	AI
Our framework uses persistent homology to characterize the latent spaces arising from different combinations of diverse machine-learning methods, (hyper)parameter configurations, and datasets, allowing us to measure their pairwise (dis)similarity and statistically reason about their distributions.	Mathematics
Specifically, we focus on linear orders that respect modified collective preference relations derived from supermajority rules, where modifications are introduced through two procedures if cycles occur.	Economics
The aforementioned characterization relies on the finiteness of $\text{Exit}_P(X)$, when $X\rightarrow P$ is compact and conically smooth.	Mathematics
Exploiting a trade policy in which US congress granted China the Permanent Normal Trade Relations and the resulting change in expected tariff rates on Chinese imports, we find that greater import competition from China leads to an increase in the US company's ESG performance.	Finance
Our algorithm features a delicate estimation procedure for the optimal profit of the principal, and a conservative correction scheme that ensures the desired agent's actions are incentivized.	Economics
This work explores the characteristics of financial contagion in networks whose links distributions approaches a power law, using a model that defines banks balance sheets from information of network connectivity.	Finance
When the sample size is smaller than entire population, the error is extremely high.	Finance
In contrast to alternative methods that utilize Differential-Algebraic Equations (DAEs), the current approach provides the governing equations of the musculoskeletal system in the form of ordinary differential equations, simplifying the computational process.	Physics
If additionally to the income related with production due to return on individual capital, it is also included the individual labor income in the model, then the Thomas Piketty's second fundamental law of capitalism is found as a emergent property of the system.	Finance
Instead, our framework inspires a new direction of trainable prompting methods that explicitly optimizes for interpretability.	AI
We showcase its existence experimentally by contrasting two intermediate languages, Answer Set Programming and the Python Knowledge Engine.	AI
Experiments across multiple benchmarks demonstrate that ElaLoRA consistently outperforms existing PEFT methods across different parameter budgets.	AI
While recent attempts have adapted pre-trained text-to-image diffusion models, such as Stable Diffusion (SD), into generators of 3D representations (e.g., Triplane), they often suffer from poor quality due to the lack of sufficient high-quality 3D training data.	AI
In the present work we used a very well-characterized oligonucleotide, the thrombin-binding DNA aptamer (TBA), which upon binding of potassium ions folds into a two G-tetrad antiparallel G-quadruplex structure.	Biology
This modelling, ineffective in standard vision-language models due to their reliance on Euclidean embeddings, endows the model with awareness of unsafe content, enabling it to serve as both a multimodal unsafe classifier and a flexible content retriever, with the option to dynamically redirect unsafe queries toward safer alternatives or retain the original output.	AI
We have shown that there are two potential limits for each market.	Finance
For instance, in the context of humanoid robot motion control, the vast majority of space corresponds to falling, while only a minuscule fraction corresponds to standing upright, which is conducive to the completion of downstream tasks.	AI
The financial services industry makes extensive use of contracts, for example, mortgage agreements, derivatives contracts, arbitration agreements, etc.	Finance
We calculate the analogous of the Unruh temperature for a scalar theory, provided we restrict the action in a convenient subspace of the Kleinian spacetime.	Physics
This way the resistance alteration due to metal-to-insulator transition of all VO2 based pixels of the active THz grating is monitored in advance even without incident radiation.	Physics
Thermal conductivity of diamond microparticles increases from \SI{400}{\watt\per\meter\per\kelvin} to \SI{2000}{\watt\per\meter\per\kelvin} with the size growing from \SI{20}{\micro\meter} to \SI{300}{\micro\meter}.	Physics
After that, we explore the diverse applications of LLMs in chemistry, including novel paradigms for their application in chemistry tasks.	Biology
Replacing these metals with redox-active organic materials offers a promising alternative, thereby reducing the carbon footprint of batteries by one order of magnitude.	Physics
To fit fundamental diagrams, we develop an enhanced cross entropy minimization method that honors equilibrium traffic physics.	Physics
In this paper, we study double $\infty$-categories of double functors.	Mathematics
These tasks target the model's ability to capture temporal dependencies, extract key insights from textual context, and integrate cross-modal information.	AI
Accurate and realistic 3D scene reconstruction enables the lifelike creation of autonomous driving simulation environments.	AI
IMU-only data equally or outperformed IMU+EMG inputs, promoting a cost-effective and efficient design.	AI
It is a plant-based bio-compound, synthesized as a novel biguanide, called dimethyl biguanide or metformin.	Biology
Here, we propose Beam Enumeration to exhaustively enumerate the most probable sub-sequences from language-based molecular generative models and show that molecular substructures can be extracted.	Biology
We study the problem in which a central planner sequentially allocates a single resource to multiple strategic agents using their utility reports at each round, but without using any monetary transfers.	Economics
The emergence of a dominant voter coalition is a signal of governance centralization in DAO, and voter coalitions have complicated influence on Maker protocol, which is governed by MakerDAO.	Finance
It runs in polynomial time and thus possesses a competitive advantage over a number of computationally intractable voting rules such as the Dodgson's rule, the Kemeny's rule, the Slater's rule, the Banks rule, and the Schwartz's tournament equilibrium set (TEQ) rule.	Economics
In terms of revealed preferences, on the other hand, the amended model does significantly better.	Economics
Dimensionality reduction has always been one of the most significant and challenging problems in the analysis of high-dimensional data.	Economics
In this paper, by analyzing the suboptimality of different baselines, we identify the problematic baseline where the asymmetric interaction between $\bm{x}'_i$ (the replacement of the faithful influential feature) and other features has significant directional bias toward the model's output, and conclude that $p(y|\bm{x}'_i)	AI
Coevolution between the SLiMs and the linker indicates that the evolution of disordered regions may be more constrained than previously thought.	Biology
A signal is optimal iff the induced joint distribution over states and actions is supported on a compact set (the contact set) where the dual constraint binds.	Economics
We find that preference for risk systematically leads to higher activity rates (and lower final wealth).	Finance
We provide theoretical analysis and empirical evaluation showing that our High-Order FlowAR (HOFAR) demonstrates measurable improvements in generation quality compared to baseline models.	AI
The majority of the proofs have been rewritten to clarify the relationships between the techniques discussed.	Mathematics
To address these issues, we present a new method called Fused Gromov Wasserstein Subgraph Contrastive Learning (FOSSIL).	AI
Thus, matchings that are stable with myopic agents remain stable when agents become farsighted.	Economics
In these notes, we define a new simplicial structure on a connected multiplicative operad and call it connected multiplicative simplicial operad (for short; simplicial operad).	Mathematics
Our method introduces a caching mechanism that stores token indices and probability distributions from the original image, capturing the relationship between the source prompt and the image.	AI
"We develop foundations for abstract homotopy theory based on Grothendieck's idea of a ""derivator""."	Mathematics
A scale-separation effect is observed where the coarse-scale band-gap objective is mostly unaffected by the fine-scale features despite the closeness of their length scales, thus enabling an efficient hierarchical algorithm.	Physics
This leads to a model of a market as an ensemble of interacting non-linear oscillators with the Langevin dynamics.	Finance
This study aims to examine whether and how variations between digital phantoms influence system optimization with digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) as a chosen modality.	Physics
In this manuscript a recent topology on the positive integers generated by the collection of $\{\sigma_n:n\in\mathbb{N}\}$ where $\sigma_n:=\{m: \gcd(n,m)=1\}$ is generalized over integral domains.	Mathematics
We construct symmetric monoidal higher categories of iterated Calabi-Yau cospans, that are noncommutative analogs of iterated lagrangian correspondences.	Mathematics
We explain how this allows one to bypass the Ravenel-Wilson computation in the proof of the $\infty$-semiadditivity of the $T(n)$-local categories.	Mathematics
RCIF is also the first approach to operate without the need for explicit target span and comprises three main stages: (1) generation of frame embeddings from various representations ; (2) retrieval of candidate frames given an input text; and (3) identification of the most suitable frames.	AI
Our results indicate that heparin exerts its antiviral activity by both direct and allosteric mechanisms.	Biology
We investigate the design and performance of a new multilayer graphene metasurface for achieving ultrabroadband coherent perfect absorption (CPA) in the THz regime.	Physics
We also investigate the role of networks in aggregate fluctuations.	Finance
We showcase the usefulness of the integral notion \`a la Pettis (1938) to study such models.	Economics
For plate impact experiments, the technique performs well, with error and measurement noise of 1% strain.	Physics
In addition, the evaluated poloidal wavenumber spectrum is almost consistent, within a certain error range, the spectrum being calculated using a nonlinear gyrokinetic simulation.	Physics
As a result, models struggle when encountering naturally phrased, template-free questions.	AI
However, there is limited study about the behaviours of thermoplastics at cryogenic temperatures, especially at liquid hydrogen temperature of 20 Kelvin (K).	Physics
Since the time dependence of the CD function was introduced there through data extrapolation only and not through an endogenous time dependent series, this model left unexplained how the minimum consumption needed for survival varies with time.	Finance
We introduce AuthSim, a comprehensive platform for generating authentic and effective safety-critical scenarios by integrating the three-layer relative safety region model with reinforcement learning.	AI
We conduct a multi-dimensional investigation, which includes a factual summary, analysis of user sentiment, and examination of market performance.	Finance
However, extracting interactions from language models poses unique challenges: it's unclear if sparsity is always present or if it is the only metric needed to assess the utility of Fourier algorithms.	Biology
Democratization of AI involves training and deploying machine learning models across heterogeneous and potentially massive environments.	Economics
Osorno y M. Rivera en el primer Encuentro Colombiano de Geometr\'ia y Topolog\'ia (ECOGyT) que se llev\'o a cabo en la Universidad Nacional de Colombia sede Bogot\'a en julio del 2024.	Mathematics
We formulate this problem as a multi-period finite-horizon stochastic control problem and train a deep neural network policy representing consumption decisions.	Finance
By generating the auxiliary particles with a conditional deep generative model, cryoPROS addresses the intrinsic bias in orientation estimation for the observed particles.	Biology
To compare the HPC with Copeland Choice in large samples of games, we design digital experiments with randomly generated abstract games with different sizes and completeness.	Economics
\cmt{A resonant shunt circuit consisting of the capacitive piezoelectric transducer and an inductance can be configured to target specific eigenmodes of a structure, if appropriately placed and tuned.	Physics
These results represent a significant shift from existing methods that rely on electro-optical or thermo-optical modulation for tunability.	Physics
Big data and machine learning (ML) algorithms are key drivers of many fintech innovations.	Finance
We explore the nonlinear dynamics of a macroeconomic model with resource constraints.	Economics
In this paper, picosecond laser inscription of segmented waveguides in crystalline silicon based on a deterministic single-pulse modification process is demonstrated.	Physics
In order to achieve this, we propose a relaxed and more general version of the Mapper graph, whose convergence properties are investigated.	Mathematics
In this paper, we introduce an opinion dynamics model where agents are connected in a social network, and update their opinions based on their neighbors' opinions and on the content shown to them by the platform.	Economics
Both papers fit into the general context established here, but the new constructions are of considerable independent interest.	Mathematics
The launch vehicle must be highly reliable, capable of imparting sufficient energy to the spacecraft to inject it on to an Earth-escape trajectory, and must fit within the cost constraints of the mission.	Physics
To address this problem, we leverage the strengths of MPC itself.	AI
Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a sleep respiratory disease characterized by sleep snoring accompanied by apnea and daytime sleeplessness.	Biology
The achieved compact resonator size of the order of a square millimeter indicates a feasible way to integrate hundreds of microwave resonators on a single chip for realizing photonic lattices.	Physics
Understanding the factors underpinning device switching times is crucial for the implementation of organic electrochemical transistors (OECTs) in neuromorphic computing and real-time sensing applications.	Physics
As a corollary, we show that the pricing query complexity to learn the class of regular distribution with support $[0,1]$ within $\epsilon$ Levy distance is $\tilde{\Theta}{(\epsilon^{-2.5})}$. To learn the mixture of two regular distributions, $\tilde{\Theta}(\epsilon^{-3})$ pricing queries are required.	Economics
The widespread adoption of machine learning systems has raised critical concerns about fairness and bias, making mitigating harmful biases essential for AI development.	AI
Recent methods have made strides against some target proteins, but on-demand creation of high-affinity binders without multiple rounds of experimental testing remains an unsolved challenge.	Biology
Experiments on three post-wildfire survey datasets show an average of 20.47% performance improvement over traditional theory-informed behavioral models, with strong cross-event generalizability.	AI
Leveraging insights from previous models and extensive datasets, HelixFold3 achieves accuracy comparable to AlphaFold3 in predicting the structures of the conventional ligands, nucleic acids, and proteins.	Biology
Furthermore, by measuring the consistency of explanations generated by explainable methods and human, we highlight the disparity between model inference and human understanding.	AI
Decision-makers are described, not by a utility function, but by a propensity function which specifies the probability of transacting.	Finance
We show that in the case of a null-homotopic embedding the homology of the space of paths with endpoints in a submanifold is even an algebra over the Chas-Sullivan ring.	Mathematics
In EC-Conf, a modified SE (3)-equivariant transformer model was directly used to encode the Cartesian molecular conformations and a highly efficient consistency diffusion process was carried out to generate molecular conformations.	Biology
Frequent violations of fair principles in real-life settings raise the fundamental question of whether such principles can guarantee the existence of a self-enforcing equilibrium in a free economy.	Economics
"We also describe novel approaches on how to estimate \v{C}ech and Vietoris-Rips extinction times of a set $X$ by relating $X$ to its \""uber-contractible cores and to its tight span, respectively."	Mathematics
In this paper, we explore the limitations and data availability constraints specific to the Burundian sovereign market and propose robust methodologies to effectively handle missing data.	Finance
We then compare the persistence diagrams of stock and commodity markets using the WD metric.	Mathematics
When priors disagree, catering to the bias often emerges, with the principal initially providing signals aligned with the agent's bias.	Economics
RoSPrompt is designed for small multilingual PLMs, enabling them to leverage high-resource languages to improve performance in low-resource settings without requiring extensive fine-tuning or high computational costs.	AI
Digital transformation significantly impacts firm investment, financing, and value enhancement.	Finance
We also extend our model and results to data sharing via incremental inquiries and differential privacy costs.	Economics
These two contributions lead naturally to new types of viability that we call weak and local viabilities.	Finance
We provide two independent methods, box counting method and spatial choice model, which confirm this statement.	Finance
Similar to its classical single-parameter counterpart, however, it is challenging to compute and use in practice due to its complex algebraic construction.	Mathematics
Finally, we discuss how our framework can guide researchers and practitioners to (i) optimally situate their innovations (e.g., when vertical-specific insights can empower broadly impactful vertical-agnostic innovations), (ii) uncover overlooked opportunities (e.g., spotting recurring problems across verticals to develop practically useful foundation models instead of chasing benchmarks), and (iii) facilitate cross-disciplinary communication of critical challenges (e.g., enabling a shared vocabulary for AI developers, domain experts, and human-computer interaction scholars).	AI
In contrast, most antibody binding assays do not include such features.	Biology
Particularly, it investigates the relationship between average historical share returns and changes in reserves from explorations, acquisitions, production, revisions and sale.	Finance
Smart contracts across chains provide an ecosystem of decentralized finance (DeFi), where users can interact with lending pools, Automated Market Maker (AMM) exchanges, stablecoins, derivatives, etc. with a cumulative locked value which had exceeded 160B USD.	Finance
This study demonstrates the feasibility and affordability of cloud-based DL inference solutions without GPUs, benefiting resource-constrained users like startups.	AI
We employ geometric vector perceptrons to predict atom types and spatial coordinates of new molecular fragments conditioned on molecular scaffolds and protein pockets.	Biology
While preference optimization methods based on Plackett-Luce (PL) and Bradley-Terry (BT) models have shown promise, they face challenges such as poor handling of harmful content, inefficient use of dispreferred responses, and, specifically for PL, high computational costs.	AI
A number of rules for resolving majority cycles in elections have been proposed in the literature.	Economics
Although the design methods based on the equivalent circuit can lessen the reliance on full-wave EM simulations, they still struggle with insufficient model accuracy when dealing with complex element structures.	Physics
The structures are loaded abruptly using the Split-Hopkinson pressure bar test in a modified setup.	Physics
In this work, we propose a formulation to compute the Laplace-Beltrami operator, a widely used tool in geometry processing, directly on Gaussian splatting using the Mahalanobis distance.	AI
Null of gaussianity is strongly rejected for all GARCH(p,q) models, with $p,q \in \{1,\ldots,5 \}$, for all cryptocurrencies in sample.	Finance
We illustrate it in the setting of Gaussian white noise model.	Mathematics
For matching divisible items, we design a water-filling-based algorithm, EQUAL-FILLING, that achieves (1-1/e)-approximation of class envy-freeness and class proportionality; we prove (1-1/e) to be tight for class proportionality and establish a 3/4 upper bound on class envy-freeness.	Economics
However, the broader adoption of TFLN-based devices that rely on all-optical nonlinearities have been limited by the sensitivity of quasi-phase matching (QPM), realized via ferroelectric poling, to fabrication tolerances.	Physics
Mist is based on three key ideas: (1) fine-grained overlap-centric scheduling, orchestrating optimizations in an overlapped manner, (2) symbolic-based performance analysis that predicts runtime and memory usage using symbolic expressions for fast tuning, and (3) imbalance-aware hierarchical tuning, decoupling the process into an inter-stage imbalance and overlap aware Mixed Integer Linear Programming problem and an intra-stage Dual-Objective Constrained Optimization problem, and connecting them through Pareto frontier sampling.	AI
The proposed framework, ESM, exhibits 96.45 of accuracy for AntiCp2 dataset, 97.66 of accuracy for cACP-DeepGram dataset, and 88.51 of accuracy for ACP-740 dataset, thence determining new state-of-the-art.	Biology
We then investigate the market efficiency and inter-connectedness between multiple protocols, examining first whether Uncovered Interest Parity holds within a particular protocol and second whether the interest rates for a particular token market show dependence across protocols, developing a Vector Error Correction Model for the dynamics.	Finance
Our work contributes to the existing literature by introducing a detailed, annotated dataset, and training a deep learning model for instance segmentation of rip currents.	AI
This research demonstrates the potential of AI-driven tools in transforming and revolutionizing medical education, offering a scalable and interactive platform for continuous learning and skill development.	AI
However, this technique relies on long timesteps and compression-decompression steps, thereby incurring significant latency and energy overheads, which are not suitable for tightly-constrained embedded AI systems (e.g., mobile agents/robotics).	AI
Environmental LCA was driven by CO2 fixation due to soil organic matter increase and reduced inputs consumption for tall wheatgrass that produced a Global Warming Potential GWP of -1.9 Mg CO2 eq ha-1 y-1 versus 1.6 Mg CO2 eq ha-1 y-1 obtained for rye.	Finance
The quantized surface acoustic wave (SAW) in the piezoelectric medium has recently been studied, and is used to control electric dipoles of quantum systems via the electric field produced through piezoelectric effect.	Physics
Our results reveal a topological model of neuronal trajectories for C. elegans that is constructed from loops in which different regions of the brain state space can be mapped to specific and interpretable macroscopic behaviors in the worm.	Mathematics
CuInP2S6 (CIPS) is a well-known vdW ferroelectric that has been integrated with graphene for memory devices.	Physics
Moreover, linearization alone does not ensure weight disentanglement, the key property that enables conflict-free composition of task vectors.	AI
"We give an expression for the total Stiefel-Whitney Classes (SWCs) for orthogonal representations $\pi$ of $G$, in terms of character values of $\pi$ at elements of order $2$. We give ""universal formulas'' for the fourth and eighth SWCs."	Mathematics
Synthetic preference data with its low cost and high quality enable effective alignment through single- or multi-model generated preference data.	AI
The constant $\frac{1}{2}$ can be improved depending on the dimension and curvature of the manifold $M$, and obtains the optimal value $1$ in the case of the unit circle, meaning that if $X\subseteq S^1$ satisfies $d_{GH}(X,S^1)<\tfrac{\pi}{6}$, then $d_{GH}(X,S^1)=d_H(X,S^1)$. We also provide versions lower bounding the Gromov-Hausdorff distance $d_{GH}(X,Y)$ between two subsets $X,Y\subseteq M$.	Mathematics
Although these works demonstrate improvements in controlled environments or synthetic datasets, they often underperform vision-only approaches in real-world settings due to poor generalization across diverse grippers, sensor layouts, or sim-to-real environments.	AI
Our study examined three representative AI models on 60 NCI-60 datasets, each with approximately 30,000 to 50,000 molecules tested on a different cancer cell line.	Biology
AMMA adopts (1) a unified multi-modal encoder to integrate all three modalities into a unified representation space and (2) asymmetric decoders to ensure that sequence latent features reflect structural and functional information.	Biology
The broker solves a general stochastic control problem that yields simple and pleasant formulas for the optimal interest rate and the net interest margin.	Finance
In a numerical illustration, we characterize Pareto-optimal risk-sharing for some special types of coherent risk measures.	Economics
The existence of a binary such Pareto-ranked splitting is necessary for ambiguous communication to benefit the sender, and, if an optimal Bayesian persuasion experiment can be split in this way, this is sufficient for an ambiguity-neutral sender as well as the receiver to benefit.	Economics
Our proposed model shows improvement on real-world and synthetic clinical data.	AI
As the only thiol-bearing amino acid, cysteine (Cys) residues in proteins have the reactive thiol side chain, which is susceptible to a series of post-translational modifications (PTMs).	Biology
This paper examines the dynamic interaction between falling and rising markets for both the real and the financial sectors of the largest economy in the world using asymmetric causality tests.	Finance
These empirical results indicate potential asymmetric predictability of stock prices by spot and option traders.	Finance
The main result of our work is that for both settings, FPA and SPA are not AIC.	Economics
To train TituLLMs, we collected a pretraining dataset of approximately ~37 billion tokens.	AI
For LLMs, energy efficiency depends on balancing model size, reasoning complexity, and request-handling capacity, as larger models do not necessarily consume more energy when utilisation remains low.	AI
A valid deductive inference between the premises, the axioms and conditions of the theorem, and the conclusion, dictatorship, guarantees that every profile of all possible social welfare functions is examined, thereby establishing the theorem.	Economics
The designer may ask the agents to present hard evidence which they privately draw from a distribution depending on the state.	Economics
One cannot make truly fair decisions using integer linear programs unless one controls the selection probabilities of the (possibly many) optimal solutions.	Economics
Consumer match values are assumed to be independently and identically distributed across the two products.	Economics
Our results show that only some of these techniques improve inverse design models in terms of accuracy and stability, but also that a combination of them can provide more efficient and robust metasurface designs.	Physics
Multiplexers enable a range of new strategies in quantum device research and scaling by increase the device count while limiting the number of connections between room-temperature control electronics and the cryogenic samples.	Physics
In the end, it is claimed that minimising the magnitude of total strain energy will lead to reduced degradation and a uniform distribution of total strain energy in each trackbed layer along the longitudinal direction of the track will ensure uniformity in the track geometry.	Physics
We extend a theorem of Ladkani concerning derived equivalences between upper-triangular matrix rings from ordinary rings to ring spectra.	Mathematics
It is shown that in this case the fit of data yields $\beta \to 0$.	Finance
In this paper, we introduce MolCRAFT, the first SBDD model that operates in the continuous parameter space, together with a novel noise reduced sampling strategy.	Biology
Motivated by real-world carpooling and crowdshipping scenarios, we introduce an additional constraint imposing a maximum number on the number of pickups per trip.	Economics
This implies that refinements of the Banks set, such as the minimal extending set and the tournament equilibrium set, can also be disjoint from the bipartisan set.	Economics
In this paper, two case studies, of the Betuweroute and the HSL-South projects in the Netherlands, demonstrate the presence of lock-in and its influence on the extent of cost overruns at both the decision-making and project levels.	Finance
Despite apparent exploitation of the agent, this dynamic contract can leave \emph{both} players better off compared to the best static contract.	Economics
By varying the parameters for the creation of the network, several interbank networks are built, in which the concentrations of debts and credits are obtained from links distributions during the creation networks process.	Finance
Quantum technologies extensively use laser light for state preparation, manipulation, and readout.	Physics
We evaluate our approach through field experiments with 20 people.	Physics
However, most previous research focuses on advanced CS courses, as traditional introductory courses provide limited opportunities to develop AI skills and knowledge.	AI
In the special case of identical marginal costs, we derive that lower degrees of product differentiation mean lower prices, higher supplies, lower profits, and lower social welfare.	Economics
We split our coverage into five categories to survey modern NLP methodology, commonly addressed tasks, relevant textual data, knowledge bases, and useful programming libraries.	Biology
The interaction between the agents is based on a symmetric two-strategy game with positive externalities and negative feedback from aggregate behavior to payoffs, so that at every point in time the population has an incentive to coordinate, whereas over time the more popular strategy becomes less appealing.	Economics
When no player wants to change their strategy anymore, the process reaches a PNE and will not deviate from it.	Economics
We construct an agent-based model (ABM) that embodies this rule of thumb.	Finance
During the study of resistive switching devices, researchers have found that the influence of the insertion layer cannot be ignored.	Physics
RefactorBench aims to support the study of LM agents by providing a set of real-world, multi-hop tasks within the realm of code.	AI
Our method requires only minimal modification of the spiking neurons without adapting the network structure, making our method generalizable and showing consistent performance gains in 1D speech, 2D object, and 3D point cloud recognition tasks.	AI
In these models individuals sample from their posteriors in communication.	Economics
This Letter to the Editor suggests that multitarget molecules, especially those targeting neuronal membrane protection, could offer a comprehensive approach to AD therapy, advocating for further research into their mechanisms and therapeutic potential.	Biology
Meanwhile, we build the largest protein-RNA binding affinity dataset PRA310 for performance evaluation.	Biology
We identify different drying periods which appear to be dependent on the intrinsic properties of the porous medium influencing strongly the homogeneity of the final gel distribution within a treated stone.	Physics
This paper delves into the integration of these methodologies in the CV-MDI-QKD protocol, offering an in-depth exploration of its evolution, primary characteristics, and the latest advancements in both theory and experiment.	Physics
Finally, using state-of-the-art techniques from network science, we study the evolution of dependency structures for 61 highly capitalised cryptocurrencies during the down-market and we also highlight the absence of herding behaviour analysing cross-sectional absolute deviation of returns.	Finance
Significant features of ProS2Vi include customizable icon colors, the number of residues per line, and the ability to export visualizations as scalable PDFs, enhancing both visual appeal and functional versatility through a user-friendly GUI.	Biology
We study the realization problem of finite groups as the group of homotopy classes of self-homotopy equivalences of finite spaces.	Mathematics
Searching for large-scale quantitative evidence of such correlation, we analyze the gross-domestic product (GDP) and international trade data based on the standard international trade classification (SITC) in the period 1962 to 2000.	Finance
There has been an increased need for secondary means of credit evaluation by both traditional banking organizations as well as peer-to-peer lending entities.	Finance
The UAE aviation sector is vital for its economy and is forecast to grow substantially in the coming decades, increasing thereby fuel consumption.	Physics
Iodine plays a fundamental role in maintaining metabolic homeostasis, as it is essential for the synthesis of T3 and T4, which regulate weight, energy, and other physiological functions.	Biology
We study the invariance property, the behaviour under weak pullbacks and continuous functors, and present upper bounds in terms of a notion of LS category and projective covering number for an object.	Mathematics
Today most powerful tensor processing units cannot handle the volume of DNA data necessitating a major leap in computing power.	Biology
In workplace settings, humans and robots may work together as colleagues, potentially leading to social expectations, or violation thereof.	AI
Accordingly, optimal ranges of acetic, propionic, and butyric acids were 823.2 - 1534.3, 36.3 - 47.4, and 1522 - 1822 mg/L, respectively, determined for digestion time of 25.23 - 123.63 h.	Biology
We also evaluate the generalization capability of NCPs in comparison to traditional and widely used ML models such as Long Short Term Memory (LSTM), via quantifying their sensitivity to varying model hyper-parameters (HPs).	AI
Relationships between trading volume and maximum profit strategies are presented.	Finance
Choice functions over a set $X$ that satisfy the Outcast, a.k.a.	Economics
In this work, the potential of using the non-hydrolyzing salt LiFSI is explored with respect to its performance in Li-ion capacitor cells based on activated carbon (AC) and pre-lithiated graphite (Gr).	Physics
The adjoined higher order elements will be identical to those required in the $h$ cubical complex.	Mathematics
Deep learning has made significant progress in protein structure prediction, advancing the development of computational biology.	Biology
A comprehensive evaluation reveals that PhyE2E outperforms existing state-of-the-art approaches, delivering superior symbolic accuracy, precision in data fitting, and consistency in physical units.	AI
This paper comprehensively investigates terahertz channel performance under such conditions, employing a measurement setup operational between 113 and 170 GHz.	Physics
It presents a promising avenue for molecular structure analysis and design, with significant potential for practical implementation.	Biology
These operators excel in distinguishing between harmonic and non-harmonic spectra, offering valuable insights into the subcomplexes within these structures.	Mathematics
By the Whitehead tower method, this can also be used to compute higher homotopy groups.	Mathematics
Graph DiT integrates an encoder to learn numerical and categorical property representations with the Transformer-based denoiser.	Biology
We found that reaction intensity and collective dynamic modes can be tuned by the reactant gas-flow rate.	Physics
In Homotopy Type Theory, few constructions have proved as troublesome as the smash product.	Mathematics
The lower thermal conductance for C8-BTBT-C8 is consistent with two interfacial thermal resistances introduced by the alkyl chains, which reduce the phononic thermal transport in the molecular junction.	Physics
We therefore conduct a simulation study in order to compare the effect of the different kinds of communication on the trust dynamics.	Economics
A survey of some results and open questions related to the following algebraic invariants of compact complex manifolds, that can be obtained from differential forms: cohomology groups, Chern classes, rational homotopy groups, and higher operations.	Mathematics
SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19), a positive single stranded RNA virus, member of corona virus family, is spreading its tentacles across the world due to lack of drugs at present.	Biology
In this study, we present Molecule Caption Arena: the first comprehensive benchmark of LLM-augmented molecular property prediction.	Biology
To address these issues, we propose LLMIdxAdvis, a resource-efficient index advisor that uses large language models (LLMs) without extensive fine-tuning.	AI
Next, we analyze the impact of critical parameters, including anode properties and operating conditions, on the space charge barrier distribution and the overall performance of the device.	Physics
In mechanism design theory, agents' types are described as their private information, and the designer may reveal some public information to affect agents' types in order to obtain more payoffs.	Economics
We consistently show that the khashoggi killing had the most adverse impact on banks and financial services, materials, and technology.	Finance
To apply our results, we offer examples of input-output tables from India in the 1950s that were not diagonalizable and were hence, defective.	Economics
Study 3 (N=146) validated this instrument in a controlled laboratory setting, demonstrating its predictive validity for real-world task performance.	AI
Many tools exist for extracting structural and physiochemical descriptors from linear peptides to predict their properties, but similar tools for hydrocarbon-stapled peptides are lacking.	Biology
Accurate network traffic forecasting is essential for Internet Service Providers (ISP) to optimize resources, enhance user experience, and mitigate anomalies.	AI
For the two-step local spreading model, it is revealed that the scale of the first impact is determined by the out-strength, the total number of overseas branches of the country at the origin of the crisis, while the second impact becomes more serious if the in-strength at the origin is increased.	Finance
In reality, agents often know about some -- but not all -- of the other agents.	Economics
"When considering large sets of molecules, it is helpful to place them in the context of a ""chemical space"" - a multidimensional space defined by a set of descriptors that can be used to visualize and analyze compound grouping as well as identify regions that might be void of valid structures."	Biology
This study contributes to the growing body of knowledge regarding the mental health consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and underscores the importance of a multidisciplinary approach to address the diverse needs of individuals on the path to recovery.	Biology
Availability and implementation: The source code is available at https://github.com/boun-tabi/biochemical-lms-for-drug-design and the materials are archived in Zenodo at https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6832145	Biology
Second, for mean-preserving stochastic dominance relations, the reference interval is irrelevant if and only if the difference between the degree of the stochastic dominance and the number of moments is no larger than three.	Economics
In particular, homotopy curved unital associative algebras describe the structure of Floer complexes of lagrangian submanifolds and Fukaya categories in symplectic topology.	Mathematics
Our extraction scheme is natural; we use a random projection of the hidden representations of the teacher network to progressively train the student network, before training using the output of the full network.	AI
Population-based cancer registries (PBCRs) face a significant bottleneck in manually extracting data from unstructured pathology reports, a process crucial for tasks like tumor group assignment, which can consume 900 person-hours for approximately 100,000 reports.	AI
IgCraft presents one of the first unified generative modeling frameworks capable of addressing multiple antibody sequence design tasks with a single model, including unconditional sampling, sequence inpainting, inverse folding, and CDR motif scaffolding.	Biology
These domains contain 97.14% of all patents within the entire US patent system.	Finance
We concluded that while an insurer aims to charge high premiums to enjoy more, policyholders are willing to avoid these charges by paying less.	Economics
We present a k-mer topology method, the first of its kind, to delineate the shape of the genome space.	Mathematics
Finally, we show that each single-step model finds unique synthesis routes, and differs in aspects such as route-finding success, the number of found synthesis routes, and chemical validity, making the combination of single-step retrosynthesis prediction and multi-step synthesis planning a crucial aspect when developing future methods.	Biology
These results suggest that the concept of a graphon game is an idealized limit of large network games as the number of players tends to infinity.	Economics
We prove that, using this mechanism, no voter can have more than a small parameterizable effect on each alternative's score; a property we call Lipschitz resilience.	Economics
Finally, we explore how the system can be applied to generate simultaneous IR and THz frequency combs, potentially unlocking novel applications in spectroscopy and metrology.	Physics
To address this issue, we propose LQ-GCN, an overlapping community detection model from a local community perspective.	AI
The simulations show that heparin binds at long, mostly positively charged patches on the spike, thereby masking the basic residues of the receptor binding domain and of the S1/S2 site.	Biology
This work shows that nontrivial topological flexural edge states located on the free boundary of the elastic graphene-like metamaterial can be realized without breaking the time reversal, mirror, or inversion symmetry of the system.	Physics
We also show that exclusion has a distributional effect, where better able agents exhibit more self-selection.	Economics
To plan and optimize energy storage demands that account for Li-ion battery aging dynamics, techniques need to be developed to diagnose battery internal states accurately and rapidly.	Physics
While hyperuniformity is a global property, ideally defined for infinitely extended systems, several disordered correlated systems have finite size.	Mathematics
We find that the trade network has a disassortative mixing pattern, which is consistent with the power-law shape of the firm size distribution in Brazil.	Finance
While many existing benchmarks focus on narrow planning or single-agent reasoning, SPIN-Bench combines classical PDDL tasks, competitive board games, cooperative card games, and multi-agent negotiation scenarios in one unified framework.	AI
To detect important changes in the morphology of the group from this information, we first apply dimensionality reduction techniques to these matrices and then use classic clustering and change-point detection algorithms on the resulting scalar data.	Mathematics
For classification of the high frequency trading quantities, waiting times, price increments within and between sessions are referred to as the a-, b-, and c-increments.	Finance
Disciplines such as computer vision and computational biology have benefited significantly from such methodological advances, which has led to breakthroughs in scientific domains such as protein structure prediction and design.	Biology
In our previous work, we established the method to improve thermoelectric properties with co-embedding microparticles in carbon nanotube (CNT) network-based composites.	Physics
Our findings -- validated through comprehensive numerical simulations and experiments -- advance our understanding of nontrivial mechanical responses in Maxwell lattices and establish a clear framework for designing materials with improved fracture energy.	Physics
"\times \mathrm{R}^p$. We also deduce for semi-algebraic filtrations of bounded complexity, upper bounds on the number of equivalence classes of finite poset modules that such a filtration induces -- establishing a tight analogy with a well-known graph theoretical result on the ""speed'' of algebraically defined graphs."	Mathematics
Haefliger asked if the same holds for flat odd-dimensional sphere bundles.	Mathematics
In this paper, I explain how to construct a policy compass in general.	Finance
Using log-geometry, we construct a model for the configuration category of a smooth algebraic variety.	Mathematics
We discuss how this cohomology is related to those of $BT^1$ and $BU(2)$, calculated previously, both relationships being more complicated than in the nonequivariant case.	Mathematics
We investigate the gyrotropic motion of the magnetic vortex core in a chain of a few micron-sized Permalloy disks by electrical resistance measurement with amplitude-modulated magnetic field.	Physics
Furthermore, a key feature of our regret bound is that it is independent of the number of states of the environment.	Economics
Numerical and experimental investigations illustrate how their vibrational spectral properties are characterized by a high density of modes that are localized at the domain boundaries.	Physics
Extensive experiments show that SpaceFormer significantly outperforms previous 3D MPR models across various downstream tasks with limited data, validating the benefit of leveraging the additional 3D space beyond atoms in MPR models.	Biology
This complete workflow represents an improved approach for frozen liquid analysis, from preparation of the films to the successful fixation of the liquid in the porous network, to cryo-atom probe tomography.	Physics
This protocol can enahnce docking algorithms by rescaling the proposed poses.	Biology
Treating each representational map as a metric embedding, we compute the Vietoris-Rips persistence of its image.	Mathematics
Multiple Sequence Alignment (MSA) plays a pivotal role in unveiling the evolutionary trajectories of protein families.	Biology
We empirically demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach through data-constrained continued pretraining for math.	AI
For each of the models considered in this draft, we analytically investigate the necessary and sufficient condition of the local stability of its positive equilibrium.	Economics
Yet, in the case of actively time-varying molecular concentrations with transient or oscillatory dynamics, the deviation of the complex profile from the quasi-steady state becomes relevant.	Biology
Since several of the envisioned applications require exposure to magnetic fields, it is of utmost importance to explore the impact of magnetic fields on their performance.	Physics
Here, we show that IRV exclusion zones present a surprising computational challenge: even checking whether a given set of positions is an IRV exclusion zone is NP-hard.	Economics
By explicit computation, we show that the first such cocycle gives a non-trivial class in $H^{-6}(\mathsf{GC}_3)$.	Mathematics
Our approach provides a structured method to analyze recurrence and stability in finite-state stochastic processes.	Mathematics
However, there is still a lack of study about different molecular graph representations on model learning and interpretation.	Biology
Our approach is crucially a modern one, developing and refining many techniques in synthetic spectra.	Mathematics
We construct second homotopy classes associated with twins of non-cancellative tuples of a monoid, where the monoid is defined by the semi-positive fundamental relations of the fundamental group of a CW-complex.	Mathematics
In this paper, we present the tidiness score-guided Monte Carlo tree search (TSMCTS), a novel framework designed to address the tabletop tidying up problem using only an RGB-D camera.	AI
Moreover, under certain conditions, we present topological proofs of the infiniteness of maximal ideals and non-associated irreducible elements, taking advantage of the hyperconnectedness of the Mac\'ias topology.	Mathematics
In most laboratory tests for these materials the Cauchy stress is in quasi-static equilibrium.	Physics
Building on work of Marta Bunge in the one-categorical case, we characterize when a given model category is Quillen equivalent to a presheaf category with the projective model structure.	Mathematics
We investigate usage of nonlinear wave chaotic amorphous silicon (a-Si) cavities as physically unclonable functions (PUF).	Physics
All components needed for the construction are cheap and widely available off-the-shelf elements or are 3D-printed.	Physics
Designing BCRs de novo, or from scratch, has been challenging because of their complex structure and diverse binding requirements.	Biology
The HMW-GS and LMW-GS alleles had a significant influence on the Conf value.	Biology
Here we study 4,738 PINs belonging to 16 phyla to discover phyla-specific architectural features and examine if there are some evolutionary constraints imposed on the networks' topologies.	Biology
Rapid development in the field, combined with the inherent complexity of the drug design process, creates a difficult landscape for new researchers to enter.	Biology
To mechanistically interpret what theories AI scientists learn and quantify their agreement, we propose MASS, Hamiltonian-Lagrangian neural networks as AI Scientists, trained on standard problems in physics, aggregating training results across many seeds simulating the different configurations of AI scientists.	AI
The results of the study show that during the Lula administration, Brazil's Zero Hunger Program substantially reduced income inequality, provided more substantial income security for the poor, and reduced the income gap between the rich and the poor.	Finance
Finally, we discuss extensions to larger markets and present simulation evidence that our mechanism yields a reduction of approximately $0.25$ blocking pairs on average compared to SD mechanism.	Economics
While $H_\infty$ control techniques are commonly used to design robust controllers that mitigate the effects of disturbances, these methods often require complex and computationally intensive calculations.	AI
We interpret these numbers as per capita losses in endogenously normalized utility.	Economics
We analyze the underlying reasons by characterizing efficient mechanisms in a stylized environment.	Economics
Due to the lower refractive index of n+-InAsSb (n=2.88) compared to n+-InAs (n=3.10) and higher refractive index of separate confinement layers, the GaSb-based ICL shows a 3.8 % higher optical mode confinement in the active region compared to the InAs-based ICL.	Physics
Recently, automated approaches, including differentiable economics with neural networks, have emerged for designing payments and allocations.	AI
Benefiting from improved stability due to stronger interlayer van der Waals interactions, few-layer fullerene networks are experimentally more accessible compared to monolayer polymeric C$_{60}$. However, there is a lack of systematic theoretical studies on the material properties of few-layer C$_{60}$ networks.	Physics
We found that the majority of the studies focused on comprehending the different aspects of integrating AI tools in SE.	AI
At the end of the paper, we also discuss some potential applications of Fed-KAN within O-RAN and Fed-KAN usage for split functionalities in NTN architecture.	AI
In the former case either of the selected agents can unilaterally force the other to match with them while in the latter case they may only match together if both agree.	Economics
In recent years, Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have become successful in molecular property prediction tasks such as toxicity analysis.	Biology
In addition to providing a concise quantifier-free characterization, especially when $\pi$ is inconsistent with RUMs, the vector $\Xi\pi$ also contains information concerning (1) sub-families of budgets in which cyclical choices must occur with positive probabilities, and (2) the maximal possible weights on rational choice patterns in a population.	Economics
However, an important question remains: can similar connections be established between Markov chains on simplicial complexes and the topology, geometry, and spectral properties of complexes?	Mathematics
Our study provides a promising solution for the regulation of the extrinsic contribution to the anomalous Hall effect in kagome magnets.	Physics
We utilize simplicial schemes over an algebraically closed field of positive characteristic and a rigid version of Artin-Mazur \'etale homotopy theory.	Mathematics
When making decisions under uncertainty, individuals often deviate from rational behavior, which can be evaluated across three dimensions: risk preference, probability weighting, and loss aversion.	Economics
Advancements in nanophotonics have ignited interest in chip-scale optical frequency combs.	Physics
Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and Influenza A are common disease caused by viral infection.	Biology
Consequently, researchers have explored combining various sensing technologies with optical fibers to develop optical current transformers that could become the primary choice for power systems in the future.	Physics
Within the range of analysable data, which for the growth of population extends down to 10,000 BC, growth of human population and economic growth were hyperbolic.	Finance
Various topological constructions and results from the theory of simplicial complexes then carry over to the setting of simple games.	Mathematics
Specifically, we propose several tasks tailored with comprehensive experiments to address key questions regarding LLMs' understanding of different graph structure rules, their ability to capture structural type distributions, and their utilization of domain knowledge for property-based graph generation.	Biology
The number of cointegrated pairs are reduced after the pandemic indicating the differentiation in returns due to the structural changes caused in the demand and supply conditions across commodities.	Finance
This paper may contain unsafe or harmful content generated by LLMs that may be offensive to readers.	AI
We discuss parallel challenges and approaches between the two applications and highlight future directions for AI-driven de novo drug design as a whole.	Biology
This expository article is based on joint work with Mike Hopkins.	Mathematics
The rapid digitalisation of contemporary society has profoundly impacted various facets of our lives, including healthcare, communication, business, and education.	AI
Experiments show that the GBM-SSRF model not only has good performance, but also has good robustness and generalization capabilities, providing an efficient and reliable solution for financial fraud detection.	Finance
The oscillating signals are proportional to the crystallographic direction of the material, the ferromagnetism of the material adjacent to IrMn3, and sensitive to the amplitude of the pulsed current.	Physics
In particular, we show that the assembly map is split injective, and hence $\pi_n(\mathit{IP}_d^\Gamma)$ contains a computable direct summand.	Mathematics
Simulation-to-reality reinforcement learning (RL) faces the critical challenge of reconciling discrepancies between simulated and real-world dynamics, which can severely degrade agent performance.	AI
The intra-type message passing reasoning model captures the neighborhood information of targets and relationships related to the question in the dual graph, updating the dual graph to obtain intra-type clues for answering the question.	AI
These applications highlight the framework's broad utility in adapting offline guarantees to online bi-criteria optimization under bandit feedback.	AI
In the paper we address the following questions: Which circle bundles can be triangulated over a given triangulation of the base?	Mathematics
"We apply these tools to the ""economic problem"" of allocating scarce resources among competing uses."	Economics
Finally, we use two axioms to characterize the flows that can be decomposed in this way, and hence the flow methods constructed using our procedure.	Economics
Given that buyers are honest in stage 1, we then use a VCG-like mechanism in stage 2 that induces honest reporting of valuation and externality functions.	Economics
While the separable mechanism is simple to implement, the literature also indicates that separate selling can not guarantee any substantial fraction of the potential optimal revenue for given distributions.	Economics
Through extensive simulation and real-world experiments that consider worst-case jailbreaking attacks, we demonstrate that RoboGuard reduces the execution of unsafe plans from 92% to below 2.5% without compromising performance on safe plans.	AI
In this paper, we delve deeper into the Kullback-Leibler (KL) Divergence loss and mathematically prove that it is equivalent to the Decoupled Kullback-Leibler (DKL) Divergence loss that consists of (1) a weighted Mean Square Error (wMSE) loss and (2) a Cross-Entropy loss incorporating soft labels.	AI
Description of each next n-th price statistical moment p(n;t) with respect to the unit price measure {\eta}(p;t) depends on sums of n-th degree values C(n;t) and volumes U(n;t) of market trades and hence requires development of the corresponding n-th order economic theory.	Finance
We introduce Geometric Retargeting (GeoRT), an ultrafast, and principled neural hand retargeting algorithm for teleoperation, developed as part of our recent Dexterity Gen (DexGen) system.	AI
For a finite group $G$, we describe the asymptotic growth of the number of connected components of Hurwitz spaces of marked $G$-covers (of both the affine and projective lines) whose monodromy classes are constrained in a certain way, as the number of branch points grows to infinity.	Mathematics
By establishing a multi-task contest model with heterogeneous competitor costs, this paper shows that after expanding the new competition dimension, competitors will choose the dimension with greater relative comparative advantage rather than absolute advantage and pay more effort, which eventually leads to competitors choosing higher effort levels in both the original dimension and the extended dimension.	Economics
Experimental results confirmed that our method works well even with a quite small training set, providing thus a great computational advantage, while the final comparison with other state-of-the-art methods shows that GENEOnet provides better or comparable results in terms of accuracy.	Biology
However, there is no consensus about the appropriate methodology to aggregate the varying dimensions of innovation into a single summary indicator.	Finance
The optimal communication mechanism involves truthful communication of extreme experiences and pools the moderate experiences together.	Economics
However, directly applying DoReMi to the HAR field encounters new challenges due to the continuous, multi-channel and intrinsic heterogeneous characteristics of IMU sensor data.	AI
We establish the presence of NE in this model and provide an in-depth analysis of the conditions under which NE is unique.	Economics
We evaluate E-IRFS on a dataset derived from the Fireman-UAV-RGBT Dataset and four additional public datasets, using YOLOv11 object detection models to identify fire, smoke, people and lakes in emergency scenarios.	AI
We test CMFQ in a mixed cooperative-competitive game and a cooperative game.	AI
In addition, we will show that our proposed method enables us to efficiently find the right block size for the sparsity pattern during the training process.	AI
This note aims to explain in lattice theoretic terms what has been developed in the context of triangulated categories.	Mathematics
Specifically, given a continuous map $f:X\to Y$, we demonstrate that \[\text{\'{E}tale-sec$(f)$}=\begin{cases}   1,&\hbox{ if $f$ is locally sectionable,}   \infty,&\hbox{ if $f$ is not locally sectionable.}   \end{cases} \] Additionally, for a path-connected space $X$, the \'{e}tale topological complexity satisfies \[\text{TC}_{\text{\'{e}tale}}(X)=\begin{cases}   1,&\hbox{ if $X$ is locally contractible,}   \infty,&\hbox{ if $X$ is not locally contractible.}   \end{cases} \]	Mathematics
Further, if climate-vulnerable sectors have high (low) productivity growth, climate impact can either ameliorate (aggravate) the Baumol's cost disease, call for less (more) stringent climate policy.	Economics
Recent papers on the `structural microfoundations` of the society used this insight to show how demographic processes, such as falling fertility, urbanisation, and migration, can alter the logic of human societies.	Economics
The anticancer potential of monoamine oxidase (MAO) was observed in pre-clinical assays conducted with cell cultures and animals.	Biology
In this paper, we investigate whether recent watermarking schemes that claim robustness can withstand a broad range of removal attacks.	AI
It is of great importance to understand the underlying mechanisms of the occurrence of such differences.	Finance
This interdisciplinary analysis seeks to deepen our understanding of why chronic poverty is still common, and how the emergence of prosperous technological societies can be made possible.	Finance
However, these platforms typically aim to maximize engagement, which may not align with social good.	Economics
This work contains the mathematical exploration of a few prototypical games in which central concepts from statistics and probability theory naturally emerge.	Economics
The Human and Resources with MONEY (HARMONEY) economic growth model links these features using a stock and flow consistent framework in physical and monetary units.	Economics
Recent progress in large language models (LLM) found chain-of-thought prompting strategies to improve the reasoning ability of LLMs by encouraging problem solving through multiple steps.	AI
In particular, we obtain global spectra representing equivariant elliptic cohomology and tempered cohomology.	Mathematics
Our findings reveal distinct auto-oscillation characteristics in narrower constrictions with 20 nm and 30 nm constriction width compared to their wider counterpart with 100 nm width.	Physics
"Protein domains are ""building blocks"" of proteins that are functionally independent, and their combinations determine the diverse biological functions."	Biology
This paper explores key theoretical frameworks instrumental in understanding the relationship between sustainability and institutional investment decisions.	Finance
Masers, the microwave analogues of lasers, have seen a renaissance owing to the discovery of gain media that mase at room-temperature and zero-applied magnetic field.	Physics
The occurrence of chaos in Kopel's model seems to be supported by observations through numerical simulations, which, however, is challenging to prove rigorously.	Economics
Under three different sets of restrictions called scenarios, we employ principles of linear algebra and graph theory to determine the minimum number of different DNA branched molecules and bond types needed to construct the desired shapes, theoretically reducing laboratory costs and the waste of biomaterials.	Biology
This approach eliminates the need for additional RF chains, pre-computed data, or calibration measurements.	Physics
Our approach leverages a novel conditional mask loss, enabling flexible training across datasets with either pixel-level segmentation masks or bounding box annotations, allowing us to bypass task-specific fine-tuning.	AI
A general equilibrium model with monopolistic competition is devised, and the effects of policies (government purchase, tax rate operation, and government employment) on macroeconomic variables (consumption, price, and profit) are investigated.	Economics
Our model sets-up a quantitative framework to stress-test the robustness of individual countries and of the world economy to propagating crashes.	Finance
Focusing on multidimensional scoring auctions, I fully characterize a property that allows an auction format to admit coarse beliefs equilibria.	Economics
However, as therapeutic antibody constructs are becoming more sophisticated (e.g., multi-specifics), conventional approaches to optimisation are increasingly inefficient.	Biology
Additionally, stronger exciton absorption is found in the bilayer than that in the monolayer over the entire visible light range, rendering the bilayer a more promising candidate for photovoltaics.	Physics
We further show that the strength of the parallel chain model relates to the scatter in the number of links per chain according to a power law.	Physics
SARS-CoV-2 is a global challenge due to its ability to spread much faster than SARS-CoV, which was attributed to the mutations in the receptor binding domain (RBD).	Biology
This premise seems to contradict the existing body of empirical evidences for path-dependent growth shaping the unique history of individual cities.	Finance
Potentially, the number of interrogated sensors can be increased significantly, which is an appealing feature for multipoint sensing.	Physics
Our analysis reveals that both AlphaFold 2 (AF2) and AlphaFold 3 (AF3) produce more accurate predictions for GPCRs in inactive conformations, with lower activity levels correlating with smaller deformations.	Biology
We show that the Squared Kemeny rule (i.e., the mean rule) behaves this way, by establishing a bound on the distance of the output ranking to any input rankings, as a function of their weights.	Economics
Our results suggest that the embedding vectors contained meaningful information about ribozymes.	Biology
We also prove that essentially surjective and fully faithful functors form a factorization system on enriched $\infty$-categories, and that the tensor product and internal hom are compatible with this.	Mathematics
We demonstrate that nanocryotrons fabricated on niobium nitride can achieve a grey zone less than 210 nA wide for a 5 ns long input pulse corresponding to a maximum achievable gain of 48 dB, an energy dissipation of less than 20 aJ per operation, and a jitter of less than 60 ps.	Physics
We also find that Echo State Networks exhibits an outstanding performance compared to other models yet it is faster to implement compared to other RNN models.	Finance
This also leads to new, beneficial perspectives to the associated computational challenges.	Mathematics
For real-time data collection, Campbell Scientific DAQ systems were used, enabling continuous generation and monitoring of sensor metrics.	AI
In contrast, theories embodying alternate scenarios postulating auxiliary SynGAP-PSD-95 as well as SynGAP-SynGAP and PSD-95-PSD-95 interactions in addition to those responsible for stoichiometric SynGAP/PSD-95 complexes produce tie-line patterns consistent with experiment.	Biology
How should the decision rule be designed if agents are known to be biased in favor of one of the options?	Economics
The framework and the benchmarks are publicly released at https://github.com/SYSUSELab/RustEvo.	AI
On a per-term basis, we find 5.3 cases and 7.8 stocks that exhibit abnormal returns after decision.	Finance
Firstly, we will discuss some results of R. Saito in \cite{rS1980} and \cite{rS1981} about the application modeling of Lie groups in the theory of technical progress.	Finance
Kinetics of this process is characterized for several combinations of adsorption potentials and their relative strengths.	Physics
For rational curves of degree at most four in $\mathbb{P}^3$ we obtain a complete classification up to algebraic isotopies.	Mathematics
I apply these insights to study influencing voters and selling with quality disclosure.	Economics
This new value being a convex combination of the Myerson value and the component-wise equal division rule is a player-based allocation rule.	Economics
As before, a structural break is allowed in these relationships, which is related to numerous changes in definitions in the 1980s.	Finance
There is a lack of proper regularization and appreciation from governments around the world which is a serious problem for the integrity of cryptocurrency market.	Finance
We find that the most efficient regulation regime in Chinese IPO pricing has four characteristics: 1) registration system, 2) no hard return caps nor trading curbs that restrict the initial return; 3) more specific listing rules for issuers, and 4) more stringent participation requirements for investors.	Finance
Through the Stanley-Reisner correspondence, our results give an Eisenbud-Goto type inequality for any square-free monomial ideals.	Mathematics
We demonstrate that TGM-DLM outperforms MolT5-Base, an autoregressive model, without the need for additional data resources.	Biology
The collection of subsets of alternatives that individuals (can) evaluate is referred to as an evaluability profile.	Economics
Quantum Generative machine learning in recent years have shown some empirical results promising significant advantages over classical counterparts.	Biology
Garland introduced a vanishing criterion for a characteristic zero cohomology group of a locally finite and locally connected simplicial complex.	Mathematics
This paper studies fast adversarial training against sparse adversarial perturbations bounded by $l_0$ norm.	AI
Ease of access to data, tools and models expedites scientific research.	Biology
The predictive regressions based on the VAR analysis by Cochrane (2008, 2011) suggest that 14 (5) countries have predictable payout growth in the equity (housing) markets, ex., the dividend price predicts the dividend growth in the US.	Finance
Given this need, this paper proposes a hybrid deep learning (DL) model for predicting the increase in leakage current in high-voltage insulators.	AI
The present article provides a novel theoretical way to evaluate tradeability in markets of ordinary exponential L\'evy type.	Finance
In complex systems like financial market, risk tolerance of individuals is crucial for system resilience.	Finance
The proposed liquid crystal metasurface possesses compelling prospects for future terahertz communication and imaging applications.	Physics
In this paper, we develop the main formalism and leave applications to future work.	Mathematics
However, the computational complexity makes it quickly infeasible to process large datasets, especially those with high dimensions.	Mathematics
We show that sender and receiver converge to Nash equilibrium play.	Economics
The incentive-compatibility properties of blockchain transaction fee mechanisms have been investigated with *passive* block producers that are motivated purely by the net rewards earned at the consensus layer.	Economics
Our algorithm is based on G-means clustering which searches for the optimal number of clusters in $k$-means by iteratively applying the Anderson-Darling test.	Mathematics
For each heterodimer, we generate re-docked models uniformly sampled over DockQ and calculate the Spearman correlation between the PPI scores and DockQ.	Biology
We consider the space of $n$-tuples of pairwise commuting elements in the Lie algebra of $U(m)$. We relate its one-point compactification to the subquotients of certain rank filtrations of connective complex $K$-theory.	Mathematics
DDIs occur when one drug's properties are affected by the inclusion of other drugs.	Biology
Future work will explore representability of certain moduli stacks arising in derived analytic geometry, for example moduli stacks of Galois representations.	Mathematics
Due to the global water crisis there is a strong need for real-time water quality monitoring with high temporal and spatial resolution.	Physics
However, striving to perform well on all possible proteins can limit model's capacity to excel on any specific one, even though practitioners are often most interested in accurate predictions for the individual protein they study.	Biology
The implications of this valuation exercise, which places a high premium on any piece of knowledge, are to ensure that participants in any knowledge system are better trained to notice the knowledge available from any source.	Finance
The device is based on well-developed III-V nanowire technology, which has shown high photo-conversion efficiency, low energy consumption and sub-wavelength light concentration.	Physics
We give a new construction of $p$-typical Witt vectors with coefficients in terms of ghost maps and show that this construction is isomorphic to the one defined in terms of formal power series from the authors' previous paper.	Mathematics
We prove that, if \r{ho} is monotonic, f can be implemented by a sequential-move game if and only if {\gamma}^{(\r{ho},f)} is achievable, which translates a complicated mechanism design problem into checking some conditions defined on primitives.	Economics
This was indeed observed for $A_\infty$-algebras by Schwede-Shipley, and for $E_\infty$-algebras by Mandell, and more generally, for algebras over any $\Sigma$-cofibrant operad due to White-Yau.	Mathematics
This thesis introduces a novel GAN-based approach incorporating query selectivity constraints, a key factor in database transaction processing.	AI
The widespread deployment of general-purpose AI (GPAI) systems introduces significant new risks.	AI
This is achieved by a combination of re-scaling operations that are differentiable and therefore compatible with the standard gradient descent approach used when fitting neural-networks.	Economics
Along the way we prove a number of results about JSJ decompositions of relatively hyperbolic groups which may be of independent interest.	Mathematics
How good is a prescription derived from one criterion when evaluated against another criterion?	Economics
Connections between previous Fokker-Planck based models and taxation-redistribution policies and the present approach are also discussed.	Finance
The result of this work is the combination combine these two methods to provide insights to countries on how to enhance the diversification of their exported products in a scientific way and improve national competitiveness significantly, especially for developing countries.	Finance
We analyze how interdependencies between organizations in financial networks can lead to multiple possible equilibrium outcomes.	Finance
Typically, data sets are integrated by performing an all-vs-all correlation analysis, where each feature of the first data set is correlated to each feature of the second data set.	Biology
The principal and the agent have different assessments of the object's value to the firm.	Economics
Our experiments on the zero-shot dense retrieval model, Contriever, demonstrate the effectiveness of LLM-QE, achieving an improvement of over 8%.	AI
Genuine equivariant homotopy theory is equipped with a multitude of coherently commutative multiplication structures generalizing the classical notion of an $\mathbb{E}_\infty$-algebra.	Mathematics
These photoanodes outperform previous attempts to implement low-dimensional ITO and ITO@TiO2 nanowires and nanotubes for outdoor light conversion, demonstrating an outstanding PCE under low artificial light intensity of 24 % for at 0.014 mWcm-2, a 166 % increase compared to the conventional architectures.	Physics
This study delves into the origins of excess capacity by examining the reactions of capital, labor, and capital intensity.	Economics
Anomaly detection is a challenging task, particularly in systems with many variables.	Finance
By precisely engineering the microstructure, we direct these modes to control stress distributions and trigger predictable, controlled damage.	Physics
We find that a DQN based on long short-term memory (LSTM) architecture greatly enhances the RL learning ability and significantly improves the search process.	Biology
Our paper contributes to the ongoing policy debate on tracking in secondary schools.	Economics
We moreover show that calibeating can be achieved by a stochastic procedure that is itself calibrated, and then extend the results to simultaneously calibeating multiple procedures, and to deterministic procedures that are continuously calibrated.	Economics
We find that ICOD is most robust to phylogeny, but that conservation is also quite robust.	Biology
By doing so, we can capture complex relationships and dependencies between proteins and their functional annotations, resulting in more robust and contextually enriched protein representations.	Biology
Our results show that the structure of commitment, whether simultaneous or sequential, does not affect the achievable welfare outcome under certain conditions.	Economics
The volunteer's dilemma is a well-known game in game theory that models the conflict players face when deciding whether to volunteer for a collective benefit, knowing that volunteering incurs a personal cost.	Economics
Through extensive evaluations of both open- and closed-source models, we find that while LLMs can generate idiomatically accurate translations, they struggle with producing culturally nuanced and contextually relevant explanations.	AI
Our findings reveal that even in relatively simple benchmarks, the fundamental task of Q-learning - iteratively learning a Q-function from policy-specific target values - can be inherently ill-posed and prone to failure.	AI
Topological neural networks operate on spaces such as cell complexes and hypergraphs, that can be seen as generalizations of graphs.	Mathematics
Understanding these events requires the ability to probe, non-invasively, the state of the ring.	Physics
To learn accurate representations of molecules, it is essential to consider both chemical and geometric features.	Biology
The proposed coincidence-based information measures might find further applications in bounding the performance of pairwise classifiers in other fields.	Biology
Anti-money laundering (AML) regulations play a critical role in safeguarding financial systems, but bear high costs for institutions and drive financial exclusion for those on the socioeconomic and international margins.	Finance
This work examines a key question: for a given behavior, and under MI's criteria, does a unique explanation exist?	AI
These results suggest that point clouds derived from the PDBbind datasets are useful to evaluate the performance of 3D point clouds-centered deep learning algorithms, which could learn critical protein-ligand interactions from natural evolution or medicinal chemistry and have wide applications in studying protein-ligand interactions.	Biology
Nevertheless, the operational spectral range of these structures is usually quite narrow, limiting their application as substitutions of conventional noise-insulating systems.	Physics
However, upstream suppliers need to prove that they are part of a `stable' supply chain to get their invoices financed, which presents the upstream suppliers with huge, and often unsurmountable, obstacles to get the necessary finance to fulfil the next order, or to expand their business.	Finance
To mitigate inconsistencies from biases in training data, this thesis presents a data efficient sampling method to improve fairness and performance and a synthetic dataset generation approach in low resource scenarios.	AI
Moreover, the versatility of our framework enables comparisons between different genetic alphabets, showing that a four-letter alphabet -- particularly when allowing non-canonical base pairs, as in current RNA -- represents an optimal balance of replication speed and sequence diversity in the pathway to life.	Biology
The derived implications offer stakeholders an evolving hydrogen landscape across the Eurasian continent and insights for future policy developments facilitating the global green transition.	Finance
Our experiment demonstrates that MOFFlow accurately predicts MOF structures containing several hundred atoms, significantly outperforming conventional methods and state-of-the-art machine learning baselines while being much faster.	Biology
In this work, the method of Ultrasound Localization Microscopy (ULM) is investigated for this purpose.	Physics
Additionally, we developed an activity for large-scale assessment of AT skills, offered in two variants: one based on non-digital artefacts (unplugged) and manual expert assessment, and the other based on digital artefacts (virtual) and automatic assessment.	AI
We accordingly develop LogicLearner, a web application for guided logic proof practice.	AI
Experimental results demonstrate that our sparsification method significantly reduces the time required for computing the GPDs associated to several datasets, while maintaining classification accuracies comparable to those achieved using full GPDs.	Mathematics
Our comparison result relies on a monadicity theorem for presentable module categories which may be of independent interest.	Mathematics
"We next propose three interventions that may improve recommendation quality (both on average and for minorities) when taking into account strategic consumption: (1) Adopting a recommendation system policy that uses preferences from a prior, (2) Communicating to users that universally liked (""mainstream"") content will not be used as basis of recommendation, and (3) Serving content that is personalized-enough yet expected to be liked in the beginning."	Economics
This framework improves the robustness and effectiveness of USV operations by integrating the power of symbolic planning with the reasoning abilities of LLMs.	AI
This paper uncovers tight bounds on the number of preferences permissible in identified random utility models.	Economics
This is an introduction to Hall algebras from the perspective of $2$-Segal spaces or decomposition spaces, as introduced by Dyckerhoff and Kapranov and G\'{a}lvez-Carrillo, Kock and Tonks, respectively.	Mathematics
One solution to overcome this issue is to integrate an optical isolator at the output of the lasers.	Physics
Superficial X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy supplemented by an argon ion etching and depth profiling has proven the presence of the tantalum metal inside a thin coating deposited via a porous anodic alumina template.	Physics
As a special case, we solve the relation lifting problem for right orderable groups with cyclic relation module.	Mathematics
The most promising solution entails implementing on-chip light-scattering enhancement, but the existing field-enhancement technology fails as their highly localized field is insufficient to cover the three-dimensional trajectory of particles within the interrogation time.	Physics
This substantially improves our understanding of the mentioned spectra whose description is a major open problem.	Mathematics
Here, the development of highly efficient green PeLEDs based on blends of the quasi-2D (q2D) perovskite, PEA2Cs4Pb5Br16, and the wide bandgap organic semiconductor 2,7 dioctyl[1] benzothieno[3,2-b]benzothiophene (C8-BTBT) is reported.	Physics
This research finds a distinct impact on the commodities, depending on the nature of the crisis.	Finance
Existing reconstruction algorithms, however, cannot easily keep pace with the rapidly growing size of cryo-EM datasets due to their high computational and memory cost.	Biology
The global Japanese network became increasingly complex during the late 20th century as a consequence of increase in the number of Japanese subsidiaries overseas but the key features of the structure remained rather stable.	Finance
Recently, Graph Neural Network (GNN) based approach has demonstrated great effectiveness in GAD by first encoding graph data into low-dimensional representations and then identifying anomalies under the guidance of supervised or unsupervised signals.	AI
Our method is enabled by using a neural network (NN) to model the energy function, which is commonly approximated by AutoDock Vina (ADV).	Biology
Our Mutate Everything is capable of predicting the effect of all single and double mutations in one forward pass.	Biology
A central tool in our analysis is the notion of pseudo-dimension from statistical learning theory.	Economics
In this paper, we analyze the problem of how to adapt the concept of priority to situations where several perfectly divisible resources have to be allocated among certain set of agents that have exactly one claim which is used for all resources.	Economics
"However, hypotheses about C-field flux-quantization (""models of the C-field"") have previously been discussed only in the bosonic sector of 11d supergravity and ignoring the supergravity equations of motion."	Mathematics
This leads us to a new proof of the existence of the Gillet-Soul\'e weight filtration, along with the weight filtration on both the stable and unstable homotopy type of a variety over $k$. We show these constructions provide the aforementioned derived motivic measures, or maps of spectra, out of $K(Var_k)$, the Zakharevich $K$-theory of varieties.	Mathematics
Our research highlights which conditions impede the network from achieving complete connectivity, resulting in enduring polarization.	Economics
Second-order effects usually overwhelm the higher-order ones, except in centrosymmetric systems where the second-order susceptibility vanishes to allow the use of the third-order nonlinearity.	Physics
The rapid growth of video content demands efficient and precise retrieval systems.	AI
We show that given a prestack $\mathbb A$, its Gerstenhaber--Schack complex $\mathbf{C}_{\mathsf{GS}}(\mathbb A)$ is naturally an $E_2$-algebra.	Mathematics
We focus on how often this algorithm selects more viral (i.e., widely shared) stories.	Economics
Notably, the ability to co-localize magnons, phonons, and optical photons within a nanostructured environment paves the way for novel approaches in quantum information processing, including quantum wavelength transduction and enhanced magnon-photon interactions.	Physics
One technical challenge, for example, is that natural sampling-based estimates of the mean of our target distribution are \emph{not} unbiased estimators, and therefore our methods necessarily go beyond claiming sufficiently-many samples to be close to the mean.	Economics
We study a fundamental problem in computational chemistry known as molecular conformation generation, trying to predict stable 3D structures from 2D molecular graphs.	Biology
To overcome these challenges, we follow the computational design science paradigm to develop a novel framework, Hybrid Approach for SOcial Support need classification (HA-SOS).	AI
Unfortunately performing InDel mutations on physical proteins and studying their effects is a time prohibitive process.	Biology
This article is the term paper of the course Investments.	Finance
We pretrain GIMLET on the molecule tasks along with instructions, enabling the model to transfer effectively to a broad range of tasks.	Biology
Our results suggest that co-generation of sequence and structure is a competitive approach for modeling RNA.	Biology
Our experimental results demonstrated that combining prompt engineering and fine-tuning can make LLM-based classifiers outperform other SOTA methods, \emph{significantly} and \emph{consistently} across privacy policy corpora/taxonomies and concepts.	AI
Given two discrete Morse functions on a simplicial complex, we introduce the {\em connectedness homomorphism} between the corresponding discrete Morse complexes.	Mathematics
I identify a sufficient and necessary condition on the agent's information structure which ensures that there exists an optimal transfer with a simple cutoff structure: the agent receives a fixed prize when his prediction is close enough to the state and receives nothing otherwise.	Economics
However, mesoscopic architectures of composites also play significant roles in prescribing their electromagnetic properties, which are rarely explored in studies of MA materials.	Physics
Here, we will consider prediction of a smaller range of functions, roughly spanning the protein residue-level up to the pathway level.	Biology
The benefits of Vendi-RAG are even more pronounced as the number of retrieved documents increases.	AI
However, existing privacy evaluations often rely on heuristic metrics or weak membership inference attacks (MIA), leaving privacy risks inadequately assessed.	AI
We demonstrate ultrafast laser-enabled fabrication of 3D microchannel reactors in ultraviolet (UV) grade fused silica which exhibit high transparency under the illumination of UV light sources of wavelengths well below 300 nm with excellent mixing efficiency.	Physics
The variance of the resulting bitstreams is shown to follow the expected binomial distribution.	Physics
We show that a singleton matching is a farsighted stable set if and only if the matching is stable.	Economics
To address this, we introduce an on-chip characterization platform with a differential temperature measurement setup on a borosilicate glass substrate.	Physics
Our results show that Subcover's improved identification of chemically meaningful subgraphs leads to a relative improvement of the FCD score by 30%, outperforming previous methods.	Biology
In both architectures, the network achieves classification accuracy above 96%.	Physics
We construct a multi-task instruction dataset containing 13 million samples with superfamily information, facilitating better modeling of protein sequence-function landscapes.	Biology
Hence the user wants to evaluate the quality of networks in terms of their structural similarity to actual power networks.	Mathematics
This area has rapidly developed in the last few years and now employs modern variants of deep neural networks to extract relevant patterns from large text corpora.	Biology
Since assessing the statistical significance of nodes similarity requires a proper statistical benchmark, here we consider a set of four null models, defined within the exponential random graph framework.	Finance
We prove a general criterion for the appearance of 4-torsion classes based on (twisted) Steenrod squares and show that there are many cases where this criterion is satisfied for minimal-degree anomalous classes, assuming a conjecture on the characteristic rank.	Mathematics
We study the space of paths in a closed manifold $M$ with endpoints determined by an involution $f\colon M\to M$.	Mathematics
Specifically, we find that this approach enables us to recover the volatility return interval statistics as well as volatility probability and spectral densities for the NYSE and FOREX markets, for different assets, and for different time-scales.	Finance
This is relevant for the transmission of incentives to gather information on the risk origination side.	Finance
We present a simplistic model of the competition between different currencies.	Finance
It exhibits majoritarian properties, so for example if more than half of the input rankings are the same, then the output of the rule is the same ranking.	Economics
To address this problem, recent philosophical approaches to `moral uncertainty' propose aggregation of multiple ethical theories to guide agent behaviour.	Economics
Secondly, our experimental results considering an established test case demonstrate that our approach is capable, thanks to a novel re-weighting scheme, to compute a multi-norm consensus that takes into account each ethical principle in a balanced way, in contrast with state-of-the-art approaches that were heavily biased towards the p=1 ethical principle	Economics
In contrast, our goal is to develop a representation that enables robots to directly interact with their environment by identifying both the location of functional interactive elements and how these can be used.	AI
Charge carrier mobility and recombination determine the performance of many opto-electronic devices such as solar cells, sensors and light-emitting diodes.	Physics
We axiomatically analyze this model and find insights that allow us to distinguish between behavior that arises due to consumption dependence and behavior that arises due to state dependence.	Economics
We show that it enhances the machine learning models when applied to tasks such as sleep-stage detection, demonstrating its effectiveness in capturing the evolving patterns in time-evolving datasets.	Mathematics
We review several applications and examples in algebra, in topology and in the representation theory of profinite groups.	Mathematics
We show that this methodology is highly efficient in ranking the drugs according to their activity towards the target cells.	Biology
Even in markets with a unique stable matching, where the dynamics always converge to the same matching, decentralized interactions can require an exponentially long duration to converge.	Economics
Furthermore, if the quality of the perovskite thin film and tunneling junction efficiency with a smaller voltage penalty can be improved, then the efficiency can be further improved to 38.13%.	Physics
Our results are of interest for better handling clients expectations of trading companies, avoiding behavioural anomalies in financial analysts decisions and improving not only the design of markets but also the trading digital interfaces where information is set down.	Finance
Yet they exhibit more noise due to relative soliton jitter, and are usually not compatible with targeted applications.	Physics
Modelling the LIBOR-OIS spread as credit and funding-liquidity roll-over risk, we find that the spike in the LIBOR-OIS spread during the onset of COVID-19 was mainly due to credit risk, while on average credit and funding-liquidity risk contribute equally to the spread.	Finance
We define a simplex economy as an affine economy consisting of a stochastic allocation (defining the initial endowments) and a variation with repetition of the number of commodities taking the number of consumers (representing the preferences).	Economics
A fundamental principle of individual rational choice is Sen's $\gamma$ axiom, also known as expansion consistency, stating that any alternative chosen from each of two menus must be chosen from the union of the menus.	Economics
We provide an explicit computation of the cohomology groups (with untwisted coefficients) of semidirect products of the form $\mathbb{Z}^n\rtimes \mathbb{Z}/m$ with $m$ free of squares, by means of formulas that only depend on $n$, $m$ and the action of $\mathbb{Z}/m$ on $\mathbb{Z}^n$. We want to highlight the fact that we are not impossing any conditions on the $\mathbb{Z}/m$-action on $\mathbb{Z}^n$, and as far as we know our formulas are the first in the literature in this generality.	Mathematics
RoRaTrack addresses common problems such as blurriness due to high speed, color inversion from the camera, and absence of lane markings on the track.	AI
Through the control of the interplay between inclusion contact networks and matrix elasticity, we achieve tunable, direction-dependent asymmetry in both shear and normal mechanical responses.	Physics
At the micro-scale we compute the transition functions of individual agents and study their probabilistic dynamics in a given collective state, as a function of their initial state.	Finance
However, existing approaches usually overlook the impact of style frequency within the training set.	AI
In addition to these results, we discuss equivalence conditions for axioms to evaluate their mathematical strength, and methods for expressing the theory of subjective exchange ratios in terms of binary relations.	Economics
Applications include classifying the dual Brown-Gitler spectra after localization with respect to K-theory.	Mathematics
Additionally, EP pairs also appear in the spectrum of the (modified) scattering matrix when mechanical gain is theoretically included to balance the loss in a parity-time symmetric finite structure.	Physics
The observations from the data support the completeness and the consistency of the game dynamics paradigm.	Economics
We investigate a previously unconsidered mitigation geometry consisting of a magnetic null by performing full-orbit integration of the ion trajectories in an EUV system with realistic dimensions, and optimize the coil locations for the null configuration.	Physics
Unlike SAEs, MoTE does not require large training efforts, as within MoEs with a vast number of experts, specialization already emerged naturally during pretraining.	AI
Notably, this approach achieves an average correlation coefficient of 0.9 between the evaluated health index and the degradation of actual capacity, demonstrating its efficacy in capturing LIB health degradation.	AI
We build a hermitian Q-construction that extends that of Calm\`es et al, and compare it with the real S-construction of the current authors.	Mathematics
"We also obtain a conceptual and succinct proof that the $\infty$-stack cohomology of the irrational torus $T_K$ for $K \subset \mathbb{R}$ a diffeologically discrete subgroup, agrees with the group cohomology of $K$ with values in $\mathbb{R}$. Finally, for a Lie group $G$, we prove that the groupoid of diffeological principal $G$-bundles with connection one obtains via higher topos theory is equivalent to the groupoid of diffeological principal $G$-bundles with connection defined in Waldorf's ""Transgression to Loop Spaces and its Inverse, I""."	Mathematics
To tackle these challenges, we introduce spatially resolved lock-in micro-thermography (SR-LIT), an innovative technique enhanced by tensor analysis for optical thermal characterization.	Physics
Moreover, as an application of the proposed methodology, we demonstrate that the persistent homology of the derivative of a function can reveal hidden structures in the function that are not visible from the persistent homology of the function itself.	Mathematics
In addition, we provide detailed computations for specific cases such as real Hochschild varieties corresponding to Hochschild polytopes.	Mathematics
Particularly noteworthy are varied CoinJoin implementations such as JoinMarket, Wasabi, and Whirlpool, each presenting distinct challenges due to their unique transaction structures.	Finance
Experimentally, CITRAS achieves state-of-the-art performance in both covariate-informed and multivariate forecasting, demonstrating its versatile ability to leverage cross-variate dependency for improved forecasting accuracy.	AI
There is considerable debate whether the domestic political institutions (specifically, the country s level of democracy) of the host developing country toward foreign investors are effective in establishing the credibility of commitments are still underway, researchers have also analyzed the effect of international institutions such as (GATT-WTO) membership and Bilateral Investment treaties (BIT) in their role of establishing the credibility of commitment to attract foreign investments.	Finance
We show that the corresponding Lie algebra homology can be expressed as summing the factorization homology over all loops and framed paths of the quiver.	Mathematics
We discuss different extensions, including the possibility for agents to abstain.	Economics
The fabricability of these designs, with segmentations in both the longitudinal and transverse dimensions, hinges on the minimum feature size offered by cutting-edge fabrication technologies.	Physics
Furthermore, while the majority of studies on fair FL focuses on binary settings, many real-world applications are multi-class problems.	AI
The model consists of: (i) a multi-branch network that integrates spatial, visual, and categorical features to generate task-aware proposals, and (ii) an object reasoning network that assigns probabilities across proposals, followed by a soft selection mechanism for final referring object localization.	AI
If in a signaling game the receiver expects to gain no information by monitoring the signal of the sender, then when a cost to monitor is implemented he will never pay that cost regardless of his off-path beliefs.	Economics
Motivated by various developments in algebraic combinatorics and its applications, we investigate here the fine structure of a fundamental but little known theorem, the Gerstenhaber and Schack cohomology comparison theorem.	Mathematics
Moreover, the proof of our main result uncovers the capacity of independent algorithms with strong individual guarantees to foster a strong form of coordination.	Economics
The purpose of this paper is to present an extension of these constructions, where $k$-algebras are replaced with monads within a specified bicategory.	Mathematics
The surface-confined nature of the van Hove singularity, and associated superconductivity, realized for the first time, opens new avenues to explore the interplay between low-dimensional quantum topology, correlations, and superconductivity in a bulk material without resorting to the superconducting proximity effect.	Physics
Consequently, we propose TSMCTS, which integrates a tidiness discriminator with an MCTS-based tidying planner to find optimal tidied arrangements.	AI
Via a robust tree-of-thought searching paradigm, it allows our V-Stylist to precisely specify vague style preference in the open user query.	AI
We define and prove basic properties of nearby cycle and vanishing cycle presheaves of spectra on formal schemes.	Mathematics
Consequently, the discovered pyroelectric-photovoltaic effect allows the combination of direct temperature (photovoltaic) and temperature-derivative (pyroelectric) sensing.	Physics
In top down (i.e., stringy) realizations of this structure, the QFT in question is localized in a higher-dimensional bulk.	Mathematics
In particular, during training, our framework reduces resource consumption by 37\% compared to the state-of-the-art baselines.	AI
This allows us to compute persistent (co)homology of instances giving rise to complexes of non-free modules.	Mathematics
In conclusion, this research underscores the potential of data-driven machine learning for predicting post-COVID-19 cardiovascular complications, emphasizing the need for continued validation and research in diverse clinical settings.	Biology
This naturally leads to the investigation of the topology of their real loci, known as type $A$ and type $B$ real permutohedral varieties.	Mathematics
In this study, we examine the impact of this capital requirement constraint on equilibrium premiums and capitals.	Economics
Protein sequence design, determined by amino acid sequences, are essential to protein engineering problems in drug discovery.	Biology
It has been shown how the network topology and the dynamics running on top of it can trigger the outbreak of large systemic crisis.	Finance
Additionally we investigate the stability of a wealth distribution, both to local perturbations and to the introduction of new agents with no wealth.	Finance
We show that these frictional costs are tantamount to a form of subadditivity of the cost of transferring endowments between agents.	Economics
Electro-optic modulators are fundamental components in atomic physics experiments, including trapped-ion systems used in precision metrology and quantum computing.	Physics
We build a Bayesian hierarchical model to study the temporal and spatial evolution of S-protein sequences, after grouping the sequences into representative clusters.	Biology
"Isolation Forest (iForest) is an unsupervised anomaly detection algorithm designed to effectively detect anomalies under the assumption that anomalies are ``few and different."""	AI
The dataset includes information on 49 CW spectra, 180 maps, and 61 cofiber sequences.	Mathematics
This also includes a detailed description of how to maintain and service a shear force mixer to ensure long operation lifetime.	Physics
Experimental results show that our method can generate high fidelity ligand-binding proteins and achieve performance comparable to the state-of-the-art model RFDiffusionAA, while not requiring bound ligand structures.	Biology
algorithm is developed for the stand-alone case -- when there is no default contagious; then a data-driven default diffusion model is integrated to further improve the prediction accuracy.	Finance
We propose a personalized disease progression model to jointly learn the heterogeneous progression patterns and groups of genetic profiles.	AI
Among the more surprising general implications for physics are, firstly, that QFTs in spacetime dimension $d$, considered collectively, can have $d$-form symmetries, going beyond the known $(d-1)$-form symmetries of individual QFTs and, secondly, that a global symmetry of a QFT can be anomalous even before we try to gauge it, due to a failure to respect either smoothness (in that a symmetry of an individual QFT does not smoothly extend to QFTs collectively) or locality (in that a symmetry of an unextended QFT does not extend to an extended one).	Mathematics
Unlike traditional vanilla preference pair construction, we propose a novel method for automatically generating token-level preference pairs using approximate Monte Carlo Tree Search (MCTS), which mitigates the prohibitive cost of human annotation for fine-grained steps.	AI
Using this dataset, we reconstruct the network of transactions, and extract the time and amount of each payment.	Finance
Both methods aim to preserve the model's inherent safety mechanisms by minimizing perturbations to initial token distributions.	AI
In this paper, to the best of our knowledge, we are the first to study the breadth of the borrowing and lending markets of the Ethereum DeFi ecosystem.	Finance
The expected utility implementation is a limiting case of this.	Economics
These theorems are motivated for their potential use in representation theorems.	Economics
We show how non-Hermitian coupling between discrete frequency modes can result in non-reciprocal flow of energy in the frequency dimension, closely resembling the non-Hermitian skin effect (NHSE).	Physics
In such a setting, individual optimization problems need not be resolved.	Finance
In this note, I examine the implications of this well-known stylized fact for the joint statistics of performance (absolute return) and Sharpe ratio (risk-adjusted return).	Finance
In contrast, in some environments, weak Maskin monotonicity and non-bossiness can be guaranteed under opacity.	Economics
Whose process is guaranteed by a set of diffuse agents in the economy that partially reverses entropy formation and marginal external costs generated by also diffuse agents?	Economics
Concurrently, topological data analysis (TDA), a relatively new discipline, has garnered substantial interest in recent years.	Mathematics
A variety of imaging and sensing techniques have been developed and employed in both research and clinical settings to visualize and monitor cellular and TME dynamics.	Physics
By relating the primitives for the coproduct to graph cohomology, we deduce that $\dim H^{2g+k}_c(\mathcal{A}_g)$ grows at least exponentially with $g$ for $k = 0$ and for all but finitely many positive integers $k$. Our proof relies on a new result of independent interest; we use a filtered variant of the Waldhausen construction to show that Quillen's spectral sequence abutting to the cohomology of $BK(\mathbb{Z})$ is a spectral sequence of Hopf algebras.	Mathematics
We introduce a new framework for the mean-variance spanning (MVS) hypothesis testing.	Finance
Furthermore, we generalize the nonabelian Stokes' and Fubini theorems to the Young regime.	Mathematics
One is a Hopf bifurcation, when a stable focus transforms into an unstable focus and a limit cycle appears.	Finance
To compare with the considered effective media models, we measured the capacitance-voltage and current-voltage characteristics of the dense nanocomposites consisting of (28-35) vol.% BaTiO3 nanoparticles incorporated in organic polymers and determined experimentally the effective dielectric permittivity and losses of the composites.	Physics
In this perspective, prizes are awarded based on a variation on optimal taxation theory, while assets of different types are taxed in divergent ways, depending on their characteristics.	Economics
Artificial neural networks can be used to solve a variety of robotic tasks.	AI
However, the lack of highly scalable, native CMOS-integrated light sources is one of the main factors hampering its widespread adoption.	Physics
Directed evolution is a molecular biology technique that is transforming protein engineering by creating proteins with desirable properties and functions.	Biology
We consider general agent utility distributions and two standard settings: a finite horizon $T$ and an infinite horizon with $\gamma$ discounts.	Economics
We present a ranking of the solvents in terms of biopolymer compatibility.	Biology
The Hecke algebras for all symmetric groups taken together form a braided monoidal category that controls all quantum link invariants of type A and, by extension, the standard canon of topological quantum field theories in dimension 3 and 4.	Mathematics
Therefore, dimensionality reduction and feature selection are important for removing spurious signals and enhancing downstream analysis.	Mathematics
To proxy unknown bilateral exposures, we first study the co-occurrence patterns of institutions based on their quarterly activity and ranking in the official report.	Finance
First, we show that rational agents with perfect information produce discontinuities in the aggregate response to a decision rule that we often do not observe empirically.	Economics
"Notably, we achieve strong results without using contrast enhancement or temporal information fusion to enrich UAV features, highlighting our approach as a ""Strong Baseline"" for the multi-UAV tracking task."	AI
As a corollary, we obtain Mazel-Gee's theorem on localizations of relative $\infty$-categories.	Mathematics
The worst-case welfare is strictly increasing if and only if full disclosure is optimal under some information costs, which provides a new rationale for central bank transparency.	Economics
We prove that patch-dense subsets detect tt-ideals and we prove that any infinite family of tt-functors that detects nilpotence provides such a patch-dense subset.	Mathematics
We believe that protein language models are a promising and largely unexplored field and discuss their foreseeable impact on protein design.	Biology
The observation that every two-person adversarial game is an affine transformation of a zero-sum game is traceable to Luce & Raiffa (1957) and made explicit in Aumann (1987).	Economics
We obtained the constraints on the interactions among subunits from the known protein structures.	Biology
We show empirically that our policy switching technique can outperform not only the individual algorithms used in the switching process but also compete with state-of-the-art methods on numerous benchmarks.	AI
Experimenting with 8 LLMs, we show that SOTA models struggle to effectively share knowledge across, languages even if they can predict the answer well for queries in the same language the knowledge was acquired in.	AI
Complex chemical structures, like drugs, are usually defined by SMILES strings as a sequence of molecules and bonds.	Biology
To address the lack of explicit eigenvalue computations for such matrix structures, the Gershgorin circle theorem was employed to approximate eigenvalue locations, guaranteeing the LMI's negative semi-definiteness.	AI
Provided the universal covering of the manifold is known, we give a constructive method for identifying whether a given edge loop (or representative first homology cycle) on the complex corresponds to a non-trivial loop (or first homology class) of the ambient manifold.	Mathematics
The specificity of an antibody is determined by its complementarity-determining regions (CDRs), which are located in the variable domains of the antibody chains and form the antigen-binding site.	Biology
Recent advances in protein language models (PLMs) trained on large corpora of protein sequences offer a potential solution to this problem by scoring proteins according to their biological plausibility (such as the TM-score).	Biology
Considering the good system-level performance, mem-transistor properties, and promise for scalability.	Physics
In this paper, we have presented a novel and low-cost approach for fabricating geometric optical waveguides designed for AR applications utilizing 3D printing techniques.	Physics
We formalize and study these questions through the prototypical problem of robust pricing under various information structures, including support, moments, and percentiles of the distribution of values.	Economics
In this paper, we reveal that the signal representation of information introduced by Gentzkow and Kamenica (2017) can be applied profitably to dynamic decision problems.	Economics
We develop an algorithmic solution to this problem, ensuring that data augmentation via scaling transformations preserves essential topological features.	Mathematics
The CEP means that the carbon impact of investment follows the money.	Finance
Hence, the purpose of this paper is to make this theorem available to more economists by constructing a readable proof.	Economics
The main result states that there is indeed an isomorphism between the model of a toric arrangement defined by a graph $\Gamma$ and the model of a hyperplane arrangement defined by the cone of $\Gamma$, provided that a suitable building set is chosen.	Mathematics
With the advanced evaluation criteria, GPT-4 demonstrates a significant ability to produce high-quality MRs across a wide range of SUTs, including complex systems incorporating AI/ML components.	AI
In doing so, we introduce notions of persistence semi-categories and persistent presheaves and explore their properties.	Mathematics
The recent emergence of quantum confined nanomaterials in the field of radiation detection, in particular lead halide perovskite nanocrystals, offers potentially revolutionary scalability and performance advantages over conventional materials.	Physics
I propose a new tool to characterize the resolution of uncertainty around FOMC press conferences.	Finance
Semiconductor Bragg-reflection waveguides are a promising photon-pair source due to mature fabrication, integrability, large transparency window in the telecom wavelength range, integration capabilities for electro-optical devices as well as a high second-order nonlinear coefficient.	Physics
PIFE was first used as an acronym for protein-induced fluorescence enhancement, which refers to the increase in fluorescence observed upon the interaction of a fluorophore, such as a cyanine, with a protein.	Biology
Notably the mirror can be removed and replaced with an ablation target and a higher power laser used to ablate material directly onto the sample.	Physics
We next use this partial pairing to seed a coevolution-based iterative pairing algorithm.	Biology
A new lubricant has been proposed hinge on the phosphorus-based ionic liquid and carbon nanotubes as thickeners.	Physics
FinGPT aims to democratize FinLLMs, stimulate innovation, and unlock new opportunities in open finance.	Finance
Since the network dependent term in this decomposition is unaffected by the signals sent by the government, this characterization simplifies the problem of finding the optimal information disclosure policies.	Economics
Lithium-sulfur batteries (LSBs) represent one of the most promising next-generation energy storage technologies, offering exceptionally high energy densities.	Physics
The constant $\pi$ has fascinated scholars for centuries, inspiring the derivation of countless formulas rooted in profound mathematical insight.	AI
Along the way, we will also give a complete characterisation of $C_p$--Poincar\'e spaces as well as introduce a genuine equivariant refinement of the classical notion of virtual Poincar\'e duality groups which might be of independent interest.	Mathematics
Focusing on synergies rather than on single features should improve our understanding of the transition from poverty and corruption to prosperity in European nations and elsewhere.	Finance
The objective of this paper is to identify and analyze the response actions of a set of players embedded in sub-networks in the context of interaction and learning.	Economics
While current image-based fine-tuning methods partially adapt VLMs to robotic applications, they fundamentally disregard temporal evolution patterns in video sequences and suffer from visual feature entanglement between robotic agents, manipulated objects, and environmental contexts, thereby limiting semantic decoupling capability for atomic actions and compromising model generalizability.	AI
Agents compete in an auction-like setting where they bid units of karma, which circulates directly among them and is self-contained in the system.	Economics
As a stronger application of the theory, this is generalized to the Casimir PROP associated to the Lie operad, as studied by Hinich and Vaintrob.	Mathematics
Our findings indicate that AI-driven recruitment sourcing tools consistently outperform LinkedIn Recruiter in candidate relevance, with Pearch.ai achieving the highest performance scores.	AI
Finally, we create new benchmarks for evaluating models based on their ability to learn topological properties of complexes.	Mathematics
If no such strategy exists, a different player will be chosen randomly.	Economics
We compute the Bayesian analog of robustness measures from revealed preference literature on YouTube metadata features extracted from a deep auto-encoder, i.e., a deep neural network that learns low-dimensional features of the metadata.	Economics
By integrating classical theory with recent applications, this work reveals certain blind spots in current machine learning practices.	Mathematics
However, most existing hybrid frameworks rely on explicit recurrent formulations, which suffer from numerical instability and error accumulation during long-horizon forecasting.	AI
We find that any potential domain specialization will either contribute, free-ride, or abstain in their uptake of the technology, and provide conditions yielding these different responses.	Economics
We emphasize two of his contributions to the financial industry that have grown in importance over the years.	Finance
Moreover, few prior GNN-based detectors have recognized the significance of incorporating global information, which encompasses similar behavioral patterns and offers valuable insights for discriminative representation learning.	Finance
Engineering simple, artificial models of living cells allows synthetic biologists to study cellular functions under well-controlled conditions.	Biology
This paper takes listed companies of China's time-honored brand enterprises as the research object and focuses on the impact of the holiday effect on listed companies of China's time-honored brands with the help of the event study, and empirically analyses the changes in the return of listed companies of China time-honored brands during the Spring Festival period from 2012 to 2021.	Finance
It can, therefore, be concluded that seed germination can be increased using PAW and hydrogenated PAW combined.	Physics
Here, we show that the ferro(para)magnetic and non-collinear antiferromagnetic interfaces contribute to oscillating signals observed in the magnetoresistance.	Physics
A challenge arises in developing explainable AI (XAI) models to gain users' trust and provide insights into how models generate their outputs.	AI
Before players bargain, the seller decides whether to adopt a new technology that can lower his cost of production.	Economics
Upon embedding the category of manifolds into the $\infty$-topos $\mathbf{Diff}^\infty$ of differentiable sheaves one gains a further notion of underlying homotopy type: the shape of the corresponding differentiable sheaf.	Mathematics
Our experiments show that our method achieves state-of-the-art performance on AuditoryBench without relying on external databases, highlighting the effectiveness of our generation-based approach.	AI
Additionally, the dataset distinguishes between common cultural knowledge and specialized regional aspects.	AI
We suggest that recent work of K Ito and S Marks on $L$-typical prisms may extend this to local neighborhoods of the topological prime points $K(n)$ of the category of spectra.	Mathematics
Existing Text-to-Motion-based approaches, such as discrete motion tokenization, cannot be directly applied to HOI generation due to limited data in this domain and the complexity of the modality.	AI
The basic question-answering format of large language models involves inputting a prompt and receiving a response, and the quality of the prompt directly impacts the effectiveness of the response.	AI
Thus, the incorporation of stock market dynamics into the macroeconomic framework, as presented here, allows the derivation of realistic behaviors in a tractable setting.	Finance
Applying EVT to synthetic and real-world datasets, this method is shown to enable robust estimation of catastrophic failure probabilities, overcoming the fundamental limitations of standard cross-validation.	AI
The combination of control tags such as cellular compartment or function will further enable the controllable design of novel protein functions.	Biology
Moreover, we analytically derive a bias correction factor that is able to significantly improve the empirical coverage of the test on the active variables.	Finance
However, we also show that adding noise is always optimal when the statistic is a count of data entries with a certain characteristic, and the underlying database is drawn from a symmetric distribution (e.g., if individuals' data are i.i.d.).	Economics
By employing Textual Representation-based Average Treatment Effect (TReATE), we quantify how the presence or absence of a symptom shapes the model's diagnostic outcomes, and contrast these findings against correlation-based baselines such as CONEXP.	AI
I develop a model in which agents participate in a prior-free game of (coarse) information acquisition followed by an auction.	Economics
These early-warning signals are undetectable if the network is reconstructed from partial bank-specific data, as routinely done.	Finance
Here, we demonstrate a widely used and fast protein sequence-based reinforcement learning (RL) model for drug discovery.	Biology
It corresponds to the case where the feedback in price dynamics is ignored in favor of the external input, namely the random inflow of news from the real economy.	Finance
Moreover, DG modules over DG categories are related by adjunctions.	Mathematics
We further demonstrate a target-property-guided active learning of structures within a multiscale framework.	Physics
Total value locked (TVL) is widely used to measure the size and popularity of decentralized finance (DeFi).	Finance
Therefore, in this paper the main goal is to study these principles of engineering economic with mathematical techniques.	Finance
In this context, we investigate different aspects in the strategy of discovering inelastic materials.	AI
The minimization of SFTD ensures that the corresponding topological features of scalar functions are located in the same places.	Mathematics
We then apply the proposed algorithm to several classification problems.	Mathematics
We introduce a new family of dynamics, the recombinator dynamics, which is characterised by a single parameter, the recombination rate r in [0,1].	Economics
The key observation behind this multiplication comes from the fact that the representation space of persistence modules has the structure of the Schubert decomposition of a flag.	Mathematics
May's classical theorem states that in a single-winner choose-one voting system with just two candidates, majority rule is the only social choice function satisfying anonimity, neutrality and positive responsiveness axiom.	Economics
Various laser annealing conditions were used: energy densities between 1.7 and 8.0 J/cm$^2$ with 1 to 10 pulses.	Physics
Finally, we describe an application of the mechanism to design demand response markets.	Economics
This paper presents a new model for calculating the derived discount rate for a society that includes different groups with varying desirable discount rates.	Economics
Here, we demonstrate the creation of an optical vortex beam using van der Waals (vdW) materials.	Physics
This as well, explains the significance of interconnectedness level among nodes of one network with varying centrality measures.	Finance
These findings underscore the importance of aligning the learning objectives with RL's reward-maximization goal and demonstrate that offline RL is a promising direction for application in ICRL settings.	AI
Our results hold for generic classes of models, including convex and moderately concave cost functions.	Economics
Specifically, we introduce Socratic, a novel AI system that complements human coaches by providing real-time guidance during task execution.	AI
One of the ingredients of their work was an interpolation between $\text{MSU}$ and unitary bordism $\text{MU}$.	Mathematics
A principal has $m$ identical objects to allocate among a group of $n$ agents.	Economics
Reasoning is an essential capacity for large language models (LLMs) to address complex tasks, where the identification of process errors is vital for improving this ability.	AI
Existing technologies, however, face challenges in simultaneously achieving broadband spectral tunability and ultra-rapid scan rates, limiting their utility in dynamic scenarios such as real-time characterization of multiple molecular absorption bands.	Physics
We give new bounds for the single-nomination model of impartial selection, a problem proposed by Holzman and Moulin (Econometrica, 2013).	Economics
Our innovative methodology can also guide investors, asset managers, and policymakers in using corporate data to construct other thematic portfolios, contributing to a more transparent, data-driven, and competitive approach.	Finance
Optical measurements also support the claim of high-quality 6H-SiC film formation in the samples synthesized at 10^17 cm-2 fluence and demonstrate the absence of any detectable contribution of nanostructures formed from excessive carbon on the optical properties of the material under study.	Physics
There exists a model structure on our variant of cubical sets that is at once Quillen equivalent to and left induced from the classical model structure on simplicial sets along triangulation.	Mathematics
Despite the great popularity of virtual screening of existing compound libraries, the search for new potential drug candidates also takes advantage of generative protocols, where new compound suggestions are enumerated using various algorithms.	Biology
This study investigates the impact of applied mechanical strain on the optical and molecular properties of PET at room temperature,using UV-Vis absorption and Raman spectroscopy.	Physics
Nonetheless, the original MGHGINT indicator ignores hidden consumption-related emissions, and therefore it could be unfair to some production-oriented regions in the current bipolar production/consumption world.	Finance
We construct such functors by generalizing the classical concept of the path-ordered exponential as a nonabelian path integral.	Mathematics
The findings reveal that local sample temperatures can increase by up to 70 {\deg}C during EBSD experiments, primarily affected by the choice in beam current and acceleration voltage, with beam current having the most significant impact.	Physics
"Moreover, two such 4-manifolds are homeomorphic if and only if their ""enhanced"" peripheral group systems are equivalent, and each such manifold is the boundary connected sum of a compact aspherical 4-manifold with prime boundary and a contractible 4-manifold."	Mathematics
The PCE of the reference device was $8.85\%$ with short circuit current density $J_{sc}$ of 15.43 mA/cm$^{2}$ and fill factor (FF) of $68.3\%$.	Physics
Financial market volatility is a crucial factor for investment planning, option pricing, and financial market regulation, and technology is widely recognized as a key driver of economic growth.	Finance
Our main result is that any closed exact Lagrangian $R$-brane in the cotangent bundle of a closed manifold is isomorphic to an $R$-brane structure on the zero section in the wrapped Donaldson--Fukaya category, generalizing a well-known result over the integers.	Mathematics
We collect 563 human baselines (totaling over 1500 hours) from people skilled in these domains, working under identical conditions as AI agents, which lets us estimate that HCAST tasks take humans between one minute and 8+ hours.	AI
To address distance between economies of China and of the US we need to know their utility preferences and the path that China passes to reach the US size.	Finance
This covers a large class of utility functionals, including a variety of law-invariant robust utilities.	Economics
We improve the dimensional upper bound on their topological complexity.	Mathematics
The sharp decline in Ireland's economic performance in recent years has coincided with a recent fall in asylum applications.	Finance
5. chapter investigated the role of KMS in enhancing the export performance of firms operating within the manufacturing sector in Zimbabwe.	Finance
As community resources, we introduce InterPLM (interPLM.ai), an interactive visualization platform for exploring and analyzing learned PLM features, and release code for training and analysis at github.com/ElanaPearl/interPLM.	Biology
Thus, applying deep learning to predict a molecule's bitterness is inevitable to accelerate innovation in drug analysis by reducing the time spent.	Biology
We provide necessary and sufficient conditions for banks' solvency in any equilibrium.	Finance
Keywords: colorectal cancer, structure-based pharmacophore, molecular docking, KRAS, farnesyltransferase inhibitors, Virtual Screening.	Biology
If the belief is high enough, collusion will be allowed.	Economics
How to design fair and (computationally) efficient voting rules is a central challenge in Computational Social Choice.	Economics
We refer to bidders with such behaviors as strategically reticent bidders.	Economics
Thinner Ti has little impact on device performance, while 17 nm of Ti produces excessive scavenging.	Physics
However, the sign of the group-level impact is the opposite if immunization is motivated by infection risk or by peer pressure.	Economics
Our new technology offers a solution by spatially resolving the charge distribution within powder flows, unmasking hidden ignition sources, and preventing catastrophic incidents in the industry.	Physics
The challenge of noisy multi-objective optimization lies in the constant trade-off between exploring new decision points and improving the precision of known points through resampling.	AI
Objective: The study explored therapeutic targets and mechanisms of Gegen Qinlian Decoction for Helicobacter pylori infection and related gastric cancer using network pharmacology, molecular docking, and Mendelian randomization.	Biology
The underlying concept is that the absorption of the exciting laser light influences the photogenerated carrier density and in turn spectral features.	Physics
Abell\'{a}n Garc\'{i}a and Stern gave a generalization to twisted arrow $\infty$-categories of $(\infty,2)$-categories.	Mathematics
Extensive research into invest-and-harvest decumulation strategies has been conducted, but recommendations differ markedly.	Finance
SE-MCTS utilizes the strength scores in a Monte Carlo tree search to adjust playing strength and style.	AI
Experiments demonstrate that 7DGS outperforms prior methods by up to 7.36 dB in PSNR while achieving real-time rendering (401 FPS) on challenging dynamic scenes with complex view-dependent effects.	AI
The outcome for the distribution of prices is shown to depend both on the dimension of the system and the introduction of price into the link measure.	Finance
This work explores the use of GAN ensembles to overcome these limitations, specifically in the context of medical imaging.	AI
An effective and generalizable molecular representation is expected to capture the consensus and complementary molecular expertise from diverse views and perspectives.	Biology
We then consider a portfolio selection problem with gain-loss utility and solve it by proving that the corresponding dynamic programming equation has a unique solution.	Finance
The rate curves of fibril growth of Ab40 and Ab42 and the effects of molecular crowding have been measured in in vitro experiments.	Biology
Lately, Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs), i.e., uniquely discernible assets on a blockchain, have skyrocketed in popularity by addressing a broad audience.	Economics
We demonstrate by mathematical analysis and systematic computer simulations that redistribution can lead to sustainable growth in a society.	Finance
In particular, we construct the Yoneda embedding, prove the universal property of presheaf categories, refine the theory of adjunctions in STT, introduce the theory of Kan extensions, and prove Quillen's Theorem A.	Mathematics
Magnetometry with nitrogen-vacancy (NV) centers has so far been measured via emission of light from NV centers or via absorption at the singlet transition at 1042 nm.	Physics
In the market flooded with the investors with heterogeneous investment strategies or heterogeneous risk tolerance, the price fluctuations are suppressed.	Finance
Drawing on multiple economic indicators from various sources, the data are fed directly into LSTM model to predict JOLT job openings in subsequent periods.	AI
In this work, we present Igformer, a novel end-to-end framework that addresses these limitations through innovative modeling of antibody-antigen binding interfaces.	Biology
This study proposes a model that combines these two models through structural and parameter optimization in handling diverse molecules.	Biology
Molecule generation is a very important practical problem, with uses in drug discovery and material design, and AI methods promise to provide useful solutions.	Biology
We investigate the use of quantum computers for building a portfolio out of a universe of U.S. listed, liquid equities that contains an optimal set of stocks.	Finance
Metrics for probability measures, such as Wasserstein and maximum mean discrepancy, are commonly used to quantify the differences between such distributions.	Mathematics
There exist subtle but substantial variations in the wiring patterns of PINs that enable OUPs to differentiate among different superfamilies.	Biology
Communication is rarely perfect, but rather prone to error of transmission and reception.	Economics
A representation $\rho$ of a compact group $\mathbb{G}$ selects eigenvalues if there is a continuous circle-valued map on $\mathbb{G}$ assigning an eigenvalue of $\rho(g)$ to every $g\in \mathbb{G}$. For every compact connected $\mathbb{G}$, we characterize the irreducible $\mathbb{G}$-representations which select eigenvalues as precisely those annihilating the intersection $Z_0(\mathbb{G})\cap \mathbb{G}'$ of the connected center of $\mathbb{G}$ with its derived subgroup.	Mathematics
Among other things we consider how different learning profiles, or rates of relevant competence increase, for the members of a committee affects the optimal committee size.	Economics
"We apply these constructions to our spectrally-enriched degenerating Lubin-Tate tower to produce, for every spectrum $X$, an ""$\ell$-adic topological Jacquet-Langlands (TJL) dual"" of $X$."	Mathematics
The key insight lies in iteratively transforming diverse language and visual inputs into domain-invariant representations, where imitation learning can be effectively applied due to the alleviation of domain shift.	AI
Anomalies stemming from network and performance issues must be swiftly identified and addressed.	AI
The necessary and sufficient condition includes the circle criterion for each player and a rank condition related to the transfer function of each player.	Economics
The effect of additives and processing in the PEDOT:PSS hydro and aerogels morphology, and the link with their electromechanical properties was elucidated.	Physics
Previous models of the polymeric excluded volume interaction have the deficit of being non-analytic, being computationally expensive, or allowing polymers to erroneously cross each other.	Biology
We give an explicit minimal Quillen model for the Cartesian product $X\times Y$ of rational $2$-cones in terms of derivations and a binary operation $\star \colon \mathbb{M}(V)\otimes \mathbb{L}(W)\to \mathbb{L}(V\oplus W\oplus s(V\otimes W))$, where $(\mathbb{L}(V), \partial)$ and $(\mathbb{L}(W), \partial)$ are Quillen minimal models for $X$ and $Y$ respectively and $\mathbb{M}$ denotes the free magma on $W$. The model presented also allows us to explicitly describe a model for the diagonal map $\Delta \colon X\to X\times X$.	Mathematics
This advancement not only brings forward interesting physical phenomena but also elicits opportunities for practical applications.	Physics
Subsequently, a clinical reader study involving 60 psychiatrists of varying seniority was conducted to further explore the practical benefits of existing LLMs as supportive tools for psychiatrists of varying seniority.	AI
We address the amplification of abnormal token distributions problem by re-positioning cached keys and introducing Layer-Adaptive Cache Pruning to discard low-relevance caches during pre-filling.	AI
However, many practical dynamical systems require description by multi-dimensional dynamical systems, such as the mutualistic symbiotic systems formed by flowering plants and pollinating insects.	Physics
Closed-loop systems can continually check whether the resonator is at resonance and accordingly adjust the frequency of the driving signal.	Physics
We introduce a sampling framework for evolving proteins in silico that supports mixing and matching a variety of unsupervised models, such as protein language models, and supervised models that predict protein function from sequence.	Biology
A nanointaglio printing process has been adapted for use with a printing press.	Biology
The Grounding DINO+(GD+) module generates initial candidate bounding boxes, while the CLIP Filter++(CLIP++) module uses a combination of visual and textual prompts to refine and filter out irrelevant object bounding boxes, ensuring that only pertinent objects are considered.	AI
This unique alloy structure leads to a continuously tunable bandgap, ranging from 1.85 eV in the center to 1.95 eV at the edges consistent with the larger band gap of WS2 relative to MoS2.	Physics
Generative models for molecules based on sequential line notation (e.g. SMILES) or graph representation have attracted an increasing interest in the field of structure-based drug design, but they struggle to capture important 3D spatial interactions and often produce undesirable molecular structures.	Biology
Conclusion EA effectively promotes synergy between the detrusor muscle and bladder neck in DBND, likely by enhancing detrusor contractility and facilitating bladder neck relaxation during urination.	Biology
This disparity in defect profiles profoundly impacts crucial functional properties and device performance.	Physics
Fossil-based fuels induce accumulation of the atmospheric CO2 which causes global warming.	Biology
This approach helps us to identify systemically important elements which cannot be detected by classical centrality measures or other indices.	Finance
As a result, I show that quantitative aggregation and minimal non-aggregation are incompatible while ratio aggregation and minimal non-aggregation are compatible under the assumption of standard axioms in social choice theory.	Economics
We show that the tensor product of $\infty$-categories enriched in a suitable monoidal $\infty$-category preserves colimits in each variable, fixing a mistake in an earlier paper of Gepner and the author.	Mathematics
The model is post-trained and instruction fine-tuned on InternLM2-7B using ProteinLMDataset, a dataset comprising 17.46 billion tokens of text and protein sequence for self-supervised pretraining and 893K instructions for supervised fine-tuning.	Biology
This work serves to unify the extensive past theoretical work on the phenomenology and machinery of allostery in proteins.	Biology
It is characterized by a neighborhood balance condition: any two agents receiving equity have the same (weighted) total equity assigned to their neighbors.	Economics
The study reports on the subtle tuning and co-dependency for protein folding between two-domains with a discontinuous arrangement.	Biology
Applying this result, we get a sufficient condition for whether a Poincar$\mm{\acute{e}}$ complex is of the homotopy type of a topological manifold.	Mathematics
By implementing a photodetector array, we enhance DCS capabilities, addressing the fundamental trade-off between signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and spectral coverage.	Physics
This reaction is inconsistent with widely-held beliefs of practitioners that Bitcoin can hedge inflation.	Finance
To further enhance adaptability, we propose Kernel Spatial Modulation (KSM) and Frequency Band Modulation (FBM).	AI
It is shown that the new definition of efficiency, based on informational-entropy, is equivalent to the two most used definitions of efficiency from Fama and Jensen.	Finance
We also investigated a new dynamic coefficient search algorithm to enhance search performance.	Physics
In the present paper, we show how platforms' performances still appear astonishing in relation to some unexplored data and networks properties, capable to enhance the platforms' capacity to implement steering practices by means of an increased ability to estimate individuals' preferences.	Finance
Our outcomes demonstrated that the Decision Tree Regression (DTR) model with best scores of R2 and RMSE, is the most suitable model to explore the potential drugs.	Biology
We provide a semi-quantitative explanation of this phenomenon based on the different dynamic dielectric responses of the two materials.	Physics
In this study, we collected thousands of posts from carefully selected communities on the social media site Reddit.	Mathematics
To enable PTPMs to produce task-aware representations, we propose to learn interpretable, pluggable and extensible protein prompts as a way of injecting task-related knowledge into PTPMs.	Biology
Achieving state-of-the-art performance across MMTEB's multilingual, English, and code benchmarks, our unified model demonstrates strong capabilities across a broad selection of tasks and surpasses specialized domain-specific models.	AI
Specifically, given a finite group $G$, we consider a collection $\{M_i\}_{i=1}^n$ of finitely generated $\Z G$-modules that admit a submodule decomposition on which $G$ acts by permuting the summands.	Mathematics
We extend the rational homotopy theory of operads developed by B. Fresse to several types of modules over operads.	Mathematics
Finally, we consider a number of trading strategies and examine their performance by backtesting with historical price data.	Finance
We also show that these agents can violate instructions and superior commands.	AI
These include extremely conservative data distributions produced by deployed control systems, delayed action effects caused by high-latency transitions, external factors arising from the uncontrollable variance of transitions, and global safety constraints that are difficult to evaluate during the decision-making process.	AI
Benchmarking with an $A-V$ formulation method on a double pancake coil shows good agreement.	Physics
Traffic monitoring models must comprehensively understand dynamic urban conditions and provide an intuitive user interface for effective management.	AI
We propose a Fundamental Theorem of Asset Pricing and a Super-Replication Theorem in a model-independent framework.	Finance
We prove that the optimal mechanism always consists of finitely many signals and items, even with a continuum of buyer values.	Economics
The inequalities are given in terms of the $L^2$-Betti numbers and functions on the acting group which describe rough configurations of critical points of a Morse function.	Mathematics
Our main technical contribution is to derive the asymptotic properties of learning outcomes, particularly the consensus belief and convergence speed, under this degree-weighted framework.	Economics
However, acquiring such data is often costly and time-consuming, especially for non-English languages such as Italian.	AI
Our methods provide new frameworks for the analysis of voting systems, deriving exact winner distributions geometrically and establishing a connection between plurality voting and stick-breaking processes.	Economics
In addition, the convolutional neural network is used to predict the stock market and analyze the difference in accuracy under different classification methods.	Finance
Our results thus demonstrate the sensitivity of IR-AFM nanospectroscopy for a nucleic acid research with an open potential to be employed in further investigation of nucleoprotein complexes.	Biology
An award value depends on the number of times the game is played.	Finance
Binary classification models achieved high accuracy for transitions (94.23\%) and advertisements (92.74\%).	AI
This paper proposes a novel method to generate bid ceilings for energy storage in electricity markets to facilitate social welfare convergence and regulate potential market power exercises.	Economics
This allows us to derive stochastic differential equations that govern the evolution of the margin loan interest rate and the leverage ratios of sophisticated brokerage clients (namely, continuous time Kelly gamblers).	Finance
Fine-tuning provides an efficient and consolidated methodology for diverse downstream tasks, reducing the enormous human effort to develop a model per task separately.	AI
For example, profit-sharing can arise even when one firm faces significantly higher costs than another.	Economics
A novel contribution of this paper is the application of curriculum learning to neural network models built for time series forecasting.	Finance
We provide experiments which illustrate the use of these invariants for shape representation and classification.	Mathematics
As a corollary, we derive that the Gray tensor product of $(\infty,2)$-categories as defined by Gaitsgory-Rozenblyum is equivalent to that of Gagna-Harpaz-Lanari.	Mathematics
This paper is mostly expository, but does contain a pair of novel results.	Mathematics
Our proposed methodology is parameterized in such a way that users can configure the score according to their preferences.	AI
Once assigned, students cannot apply to schools in subsequent tiers.	Economics
We provide the first empirical evidence of LLM judges exhibiting significant bias towards LLM-based rankers.	AI
His idea and our approach is based on Lawvere's suggestion of viewing a metric space as an enriched category.	Mathematics
Graph generation is being revolutionized by deep learning methods, and molecular generation is one of its most promising applications.	Biology
Moreover, given an element of a type, i.e. a point in the corresponding space, one can define another type which encodes the space of loops based at this point.	Mathematics
DeltaDock operates in a two-step process: rapid initial complex structures sampling followed by multi-scale iterative refinement of the initial structures.	Biology
Two scenarios are analyzed: one with unrestricted income redistribution to mitigate inequality and another where redistribution is constrained to carbon tax revenues.	Economics
This interaction prompts substantial demand of the design of nanophotonic platforms capable of enhancing such effects across large and accessible volumes.	Physics
Protein fold classification is a classic problem in structural biology and bioinformatics.	Biology
This article also establishes a relation between these distance functions and Stone-Geary utility functions.	Economics
To achieve this, we have employed a novel three-layered production function model, estimating the elasticity of substitution between capital and labor as a nested layer, alongside capital intensity, for all industry groups.	Economics
CEs consist of sequences of short-time atomic events (AEs) governed by spatiotemporal dependencies.	AI
The joint venture model's Gini index increases more slowly, but eventually, the wealth distribution in both models becomes a delta distribution, and the Gini index gradually approaches 1.	Economics
Specifically, the $K$-theory space of a category with cofibrations $\mathcal{C}$ can be defined as the loop space of the realization of the simplicial topological space $|iS_\bullet \mathcal{C} |$. Dyckerhoff and Kapranov observed that if $\mathcal{C}$ is chosen to be a proto-exact category, then this simplicial topological space is 2-Segal.	Mathematics
On the contrary, deterministic models are governed by the laws of physics.	AI
By encoding the audio content in terms of local Betti curves, our topological audio fingerprints enable accurate detection of time-aligned audio matchings.	Mathematics
We show that both of these categories realize to weakly equivalent spaces, thereby extending Dowker's duality theorem.	Mathematics
Finally, the device showed great potential for horizontal vibration isolation, acting as a low-pass filter with a resonance at about 0.9 Hz	Physics
The relationship shows that the market consistently expects default to occur if the Greek debt reaches twice the GDP.	Finance
Despite its substantial benefits, the free-riding behavior raises a major challenge for the formation of FL, especially in competitive markets.	Economics
Second, we narrow our focus to two natural settings within this framework: (i) a setting in which the accuracy of each firm's prediction model is common knowledge, but the correlation between the respective models is unknown; and (ii) a setting in which two hypotheses exist regarding the optimal predictor, and one of the firms has a structural advantage in deducing it.	Economics
Such model can serve as a boost to the accuracy and sample efficiency of active learning based molecule virtual screening.	Biology
Future advances will likely focus on joint sequence-structure-function co-design frameworks that are able to model the fitness landscape more effectively than models that treat these modalities independently.	Biology
"This paper proposes the ""Cognitive Activation"" theory, revealing the essence of LLMs' reasoning mechanisms from the perspective of dynamic systems: the model's reasoning ability stems from a chaotic process of dynamic information extraction in the parameter space."	AI
At the large $\alpha$ extreme of the phase diagram, a single dominant firm emerges, whose market share depends on the value of $\beta$. At the small $\alpha$ extreme, many firms with small market shares coexist, and no dominant firm emerges.	Economics
Finally, we provide several examples, e.g., we prove that for a potentially non-reversible Markov chain on a cycle of length at least five, there always exists a unique path metric with constant Ollivier curvature.	Mathematics
Conditions are given for when the skeletal inclusion i:M' --> M has the property that the based loops on i has a right homotopy inverse.	Mathematics
LEMMA constructs data consisting of an incorrect solution with an erroneous step and a reflection connection to a correct solution for fine-tuning.	AI
This paper presents a novel approach for designing multimodal resonant structures, which give rise to multi-bandgap metamaterials with predefined band gaps.	Physics
Game theory offers a robust foundation for this understanding, based on the idea that individuals aim to maximize a utility function.	Economics
Should Rebellion stay in the asset management area or jump into other areas?	Finance
This paper proposes an addition to the firm-based perspective on intra-industry profitability differentials by modelling a business organisation as a complex adaptive system.	Economics
This approach requires the solution of two stochastic singular control problems in finite horizon, satisfying the same Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation, with different terminal conditions.	Finance
Notably, inhibitory functionality is achieved just in a single oxide device, and cascaded information flow is realized exclusively through thermal interactions.	Physics
This gap has the effect of impeding effective communication and also limits the accessibility of information.	AI
It is based on an Arduino Mega microcontroller and a three-axis Hall sensor with a measurement range of +/-8 G per axis and the RMS of the field readout below 0.3 mG. For all practical purposes, the sensor displacement during data acquisition is virtually unlimited, which can be particularly useful for characterizing large or extended coils like Helmholtz cages or Zeeman slowers.	Physics
This paper assumes that the production technology of the firm is intelligent, that is, the output of the machine reveals the efficiency levels of employees.	Economics
We introduce CoT-VLA, a state-of-the-art 7B VLA that can understand and generate visual and action tokens.	AI
We study a dynamic generalization of stochastic rationality in consumer behavior, the Dynamic Random Utility Model (DRUM).	Economics
Most notably, our fact-level approach significantly improves hallucination correction, achieving a 35% increase in factual content compared to the baseline, while sentence-level SelfCheckGPT yields only an 8% improvement.	AI
As a versatile platform, the proposed device can spearhead anapole research for diverse applications, including sensing, wireless charging, RFID tags, and other non-linear applications.	Physics
Additionally, we show that providing explicit information about worker capabilities enhances the allocation strategies of planners, particularly when dealing with suboptimal workers.	AI
a reduction of the global equivalence problem to a family of simpler spacetime-wise problems.	Mathematics
Here, is used non-smooth analysis to classify all the possibilities for the minimum of a class of equivalent property cost functions of assets.	Finance
In 2006, a statistical analysis conducted for 19 selected OECD countries for the period between 1950 and 2003 showed a very weak linear trend in the annual GDPpc increment for the largest economies: the USA, Japan, France, Italy, and Spain.	Finance
There was no escape from Malthusian trap because there was no trap.	Finance
To assure comparability across networks, we apply a hypergeometric filter to identify links for which migration and trade intensity are both significantly higher than expected.	Finance
We study dynamic decentralized two-sided matching in which players may encounter unanticipated experiences.	Economics
Reservoir computing offers an energy-efficient alternative to deep neural networks (DNNs) by replacing complex hidden layers with a fixed nonlinear system and training only the final layer.	Physics
Collective sampling generates learning inefficiencies and having more decisive coalitions typically reduces learning.	Economics
In this work, we initially compute the integral MW-motivic cohomology groups associated with Stiefel varieties.	Mathematics
Diffusion Probabilistic Models (DPMs) have achieved significant success in generative tasks.	AI
We employ three distinct machine learning algorithms combined with advanced natural language processing (NLP)-based embeddings, specifically pre-trained transformer and autoencoder representations.	Biology
Instead of relying on the YOLOv5 with the DeepSORT pipeline, we present a tracking framework built on YOLOv12 and BoT-SORT, enhanced with tailored training and inference strategies.	AI
One reason is that concrete's opacity complicates the study of internal processes.	Physics
As in the case of cones, we use this context as a template to control the types of the term constructor required for universal property.	Mathematics
Lurie and Gepner--Meier each define equivariant cohomology theories, namely \emph{tempered cohomology} and \emph{equivariant elliptic cohomology}, respectively, using derived algebraic geometry.	Mathematics
Interventions such as the Rooney Rule and its generalizations, which require the decision maker to select at least a specified number of individuals from each affected group, have been proposed to mitigate the adverse effects of implicit bias in selection.	Economics
\approx \mathbb Z \times \mathbb Z$, the epimorphism $\mathcal I \rho$ counts different types of crossings of immersed doodles, and the kernel $\mathbf K$ contains the group $(\mathbb Z)^\infty$ whose generators are described explicitly.	Mathematics
Numerical simulations verify our central limit theorems, and empirical coverage rates for our confidence intervals agree with our theory.	Economics
We study the effects of technology improvement in the setting of a production network, in which each producer buys input goods and converts them to other goods, selling the product to households or other producers.	Finance
At the same time, efficiency gains, albeit decreasing SW, help to improve the situation of consumers and decrease the dependency of the EU as a whole on external suppliers.	Finance
Rather than directly generating or sampling atoms with 3D positions in the pocket like in early attempts, in VD-Gen, we first randomly initialize many virtual particles in the pocket; then iteratively move these virtual particles, making the distribution of virtual particles approximate the distribution of molecular atoms.	Biology
Subsequent all-atom MD simulations verified the stability of the binding interface.	Biology
However, these materials require adapted designs and fabrication approaches due to their nonlinear and, in some cases, hysteretic electro-optic response.	Physics
This review paper aims to study and leverage existing techniques about how nanotechnology can be used and verified to identify the bioaccessibility of lycopene before using it as a functional food ingredient for therapeutic treatments.	Biology
Cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs) have been widely used for drug-delivery agents; however, it has not been fully understood how they translocate across cell membranes.	Biology
As a result of the interaction of cyber physical systems with these concepts, digital twin model has emerged.	Finance
Following gaseous charging of APT specimens in deuterium (D2), clusters enriched by up to 35 at.% D, are imaged after Pt deposition, conventional Ga-FIB preparation, and TKD conducted separately.	Physics
The action of $W$ on $\mathit{WP}$ induces an action on the toric variety $X(\mathit{WP})$ associated with the normal fan of $\mathit{WP}$, and hence an action on the rational cohomology ring $H^*\left(X(\mathit{WP})\right)$. Let $P$ be the corresponding dominant weight polytope, which is a fundamental region of the $W$-action on $\mathit{WP}$. We give a type uniform algebraic proof that the fixed subring $H^*\left(X(\mathit{WP})\right)^{W}$ is isomorphic to the cohomology ring $H^*\left(X(P)\right)$ of the toric variety $X(P)$ associated with the normal fan of $P$. Notably, our proof applies to all finite (not necessarily crystallographic) Coxeter groups, answering a question of Horiguchi--Masuda--Shareshian--Song about non-crystallographic root systems.	Mathematics
We study the ever more integrated and ever more unbalanced trade relationships between European countries.	Finance
We prove that such an approximation must be a maximal completion of $\succsim$, and that it is, in fact, any one completion of $\succsim$ with the largest index.	Economics
To do so, we introduce new analogues of a Lie algebra in the setting of a braided monoidal category, using the notion of a braided operad.	Mathematics
We investigate and extend the result that an alpha-weight angle from unconstrained quadratic portfolio optimisations has an upper bound dependent on the condition number of the covariance matrix.	Finance
By building a simulation environment, we will replicate various models, including spin transfer torque based MRAM, voltage controlled magnetic anisotropy based MRAM, ferroelectric field effect transistors, and skyrmion based nanotrack for synaptic devices, to evaluate their performance and compare results across different non-volatile implementations.	Physics
However, being agnostic of the underlying energy landscape, the accuracy of such generative model may still be limited.	Biology
We prove that a boolean CSP is projection-universal if and only if it is categorized as NP-complete by Schaefer's dichotomy theorem, showing that the dichotomy translates exactly from computational to topological complexity.	Mathematics
We evaluated DMSM on two human MRI datasets, demonstrating that it achieves favorable performance over several supervised and self-supervised baselines, particularly in preserving fine anatomical structures and suppressing artifacts under high acceleration factors.	AI
bidders there exist auctions following this characterization that can provide a higher revenue than the currently known auctions on networks.	Economics
This approach to cell surface engineering, in which synthetic biomolecular assemblies are organized within existing cellular architecture, could make it possible to build new types of sensors, machines and scaffolds that can interface with, control and measure properties of cells.	Biology
In this chapter, we describe the use of rnaglib, to train supervised and unsupervised machine learning-based function prediction models on datasets of RNA 3D structures.	Biology
A number of techniques exist for data-driven discovery of CVs parameterizing the important large scale motions of the system.	Biology
However, persistent homology computations can be memory intensive with a computational complexity that does not scale well as the data size becomes large.	Mathematics
Finally, according to the XPS results and XRD results, we establish the conductive filament models for the three devices, and analyze the reasons for the different resistive switching characteristics of the three devices.	Physics
Drug discovery is a complex and time-intensive process that requires identifying and validating new therapeutic candidates.	Biology
We compute the algebraic Picard group of the category of $K(n)$-local spectra, for all heights $n$ and all primes $p$. In particular, we show that it is always finitely generated over $\mathbb{Z}_p$ and, whenever $n \geq 2$, is of rank $2$, thereby confirming a prediction made by Hopkins in the early 1990s.	Mathematics
In this work, we demonstrate that the minimal finite model of the M$\ddot{\rm{o}}$bius band coincides with the minimal finite model of the unit circle $S^1$.	Mathematics
A key challenge in this field has been to accurately isolate the contributions to magneto-optical signals of spin transport phenomena from the local magnetization dynamics.	Physics
To tackle this by preventing sensitive information leakage, we present PartitionGPT, the first LLM-driven approach that combines static analysis with the in-context learning capabilities of large language models (LLMs) to partition smart contracts into privileged and normal codebases, guided by a few annotated sensitive data variables.	AI
The purpose of this paper is to establish a correspondence between the higher Bruhat orders of Yu.	Mathematics
\stackrel{\mathcal I \rho}{\longrightarrow} \mathbb Z \times \mathbb Z \to 0,$$ where $\mathbf{OC}^{\mathsf{emb}}_{\mathsf{moderate \leq 2}}(A)	Mathematics
We show that, forming a nested split graph at each period is optimal, regardless of the discount function.	Economics
Moreover, we incorporated extracted secondary structures with base pairs as prior knowledge to facilitate the RNA design process.	Biology
However, existing deformation-based approaches are prone to topological inconsistencies, particularly membrane penetration, which undermines the anatomical plausibility of the reconstructed mesh.	AI
This paper studies the (group) strategy-proofness aspect of two-sided matching markets under stability.	Economics
A detailed investigation into regression algorithms and molecular fingerprints revealed gradient-boosted decision trees, particularly CatBoost, in conjunction with a combination of ECFP, Avalon, and ErG fingerprints, as well as 200 molecular properties, to be most effective.	Biology
AliDiff shifts the target-conditioned chemical distribution towards regions with higher binding affinity and structural rationality, specified by user-defined reward functions, via the preference optimization approach.	Biology
The configurations of the shares in industries are different between demand- and supply-sides; (2) Advancement of industries, such like, primary industries or other advanced industries, does not show apparent difference in controllability; (3) If we clip a network in descending order of capital size, we do not lose the control effect for both demand- and supply-sides.	Finance
This process results in a $3\times$ reduction in the required mixing length, a $6\times$ increase in solute transverse dispersivity, and can be harnessed to increase the rate at which chemical compounds react by $3\times$ -- enhancements that we rationalize using turbulence-inspired modeling of the underlying transport processes.	Physics
As applications, we obtain a (non-isometric) generalization of Gromov's mapping theorem and some partial results on the simplicial volume of manifold bundles.	Mathematics
Unlike traditional markets, such as equities, foreign exchange and commodities, cryptocurrency market is considered to have larger volatility and illiquidity.	Finance
Specifically, MFH embeds the code property graph (CPG) of a semantic-preserving transformed program to enhance the robustness of the prediction model.	AI
Along the way, we survey formal properties of these dualizable $\mathcal V$-modules.	Mathematics
Each player chooses between remaining flexible and committing to a take-it-or-leave-it offer at a cost.	Economics
We present MultiMorph, a fast and efficient method for constructing anatomical atlases on the fly.	AI
A connection that is the motivic analogue of the connection between algebraic topology and homological algebra.	Mathematics
Experimental results show that EFTA achieves up to 7.56x speedup over traditional methods with an average fault tolerance overhead of 13.9%.	AI
In recent research the impact of stochastic order lead time on the bullwhip effect is investigated, but the effect of needing to predict / estimate the lead time is not considered in the supply chain models.	Finance
"In this paper, we introduce a shape descriptor that we call ""interior function""."	Mathematics
Our study provides new avenues to design highly efficient and ultracompact structures for controlling mid-infrared radiation and accessing strong light-matter interaction.	Physics
This paper examines how those concessions are influenced by the relative uncertainty of an autocrat's inner circle about remaining in that favored body.	Economics
Our central assumption is that trades are batched before execution.	Economics
Here, we report that Anderson localized modes with complex energies can also exist in such systems.	Physics
The prediction results were then validated through the literature, suggesting that the MCPI model could be a useful tool for identifying potential drug candidates.	Biology
This paper studies the structure of the Japanese production network, which includes one million firms and five million supplier-customer links.	Finance
Subsequently, using this validated method, we present novel findings of statistically significant alterations in the secondary structures of NIR-exposed tubulin, characterized by a notable decrease in alpha-helix content and a concurrent increase in beta-sheets compared to the control samples.	Biology
The theory of w-stable sets solution is more realistic because: (1) It solves the existence problem of solution; (2) It expands the notions of maximal alternative set and (3) The concept of stability is defined in such a way as to prevent a chosen alternative from being dominated by another alternative and sets this stability within the solution.	Economics
While the theoretical properties of single parameter persistent homology are well understood, less is known about the multiparameter case.	Mathematics
Advances in artificial intelligence now provide an opportunity to make inhibitor discovery smarter than ever before.	Biology
The initial theoretical connections between Leontief input-output models and Markov chains were established back in 1950s.	Finance
This is partially motivated by the desire to reduce capital and reserve requirements while retaining the value of mortality credits; see for example Piggott, Valdez and Detzel (2005) or Donnelly, Guillen and Nielsen (2014).	Finance
Among all the energy storage technologies, battery systems may provide flexibility to the power grid in a more distributed and decentralized way.	Finance
Hulten's Theorem -- and show the potential importance of backward linkages.	Economics
Other reported works does subjective analysis of institutional holder's ideology.	Finance
We discuss how achieving this goal requires a broad transdisciplinary approach ranging from computing and AI to behavioral economics and human-AI interaction.	Economics
We present an advanced thermal response model for micro- and nanomechanical systems in photothermal sensing, designed to balance speed and precision.	Physics
The challenge of predicting protein functions is compounded by the limited availability of labeled data.	Biology
In this paper we provide a theoretical understanding of EIT signals in the presence of a large magnetic field, as well as demonstrate some advantages of this technique over traditional Autler-Townes based electrometry.	Physics
Interval bankruptcy problems arise in situations where an estate has to be liquidated among a fixed number of creditors and uncertainty about the amounts of the claims is modeled by intervals.	Finance
Here, we construct deloopings of the cyclic groups $\mathbb{Z}_m$ which are cellular, and thus do not suffer from this shortcoming.	Mathematics
However, the spontaneous flow within precursor films arising from this instability has been largely overlooked, particularly regarding its fundamental flow pattern and the potential for liquid mobilization.	Physics
Furthermore, VDDB stores approximately 3 million records of pharmacological data for these collected potential antiviral drugs/molecules, involving 314 cell infection-based phenotypic and 234 target-based genotypic assays.	Biology
This insight drives the need for efficient segmentation methods that prioritize processing instance of interest, reducing computational load and enhancing real-time performance.	AI
We apply CSE to five applications in economics and political science.	Economics
We introduce graphcodes, a novel multi-scale summary of the topological properties of a dataset that is based on the well-established theory of persistent homology.	Mathematics
Cobordism offers a unique perspective into the non-perturbative sector of string theory by demanding the absence of higher form global symmetries for quantum gravitational consistency.	Mathematics
Training-free guidance methods for continuous data have seen an explosion of interest due to the fact that they enable foundation diffusion models to be paired with interchangable guidance models.	Biology
We study a closed differential form on the symmetric space of positive definite matrices, which is defined using the Pfaffian and is $\mathsf{GL}_{2n}(\mathbb{Z})$ invariant up to a sign.	Mathematics
Elemental calibration and quantifications were carried out using PIXL's XRF quantification software (PIQUANT).	Physics
The first phase of the model performs significantly better when trained on the whole dataset.	Finance
Along the way, we highlight the advantages and disadvantages of persistence diagrams as a tool for analyzing geospatial data.	Mathematics
We ultimately uncover an intricate web of relations with such diverse combinatorial structures as submonoids, monads, Moore systems, transfer systems (from stable equivariant homotopy theory), and poly-Bernoulli numbers.	Mathematics
Finally, we analyze how the stochastic volatility gets massive dynamically via Higgs mechanism.	Finance
Solving optimization problems is challenging for existing digital computers and even for future quantum hardware.	Physics
However, as networks grow larger, the miner's interaction more closely resembles a distributed production economy or Fisher market and its stability properties change.	Economics
The following perspective explores the literature of emerging PVs and highlights the maximum reported PPW values of Perovskite Solar Cells (PSCs) 29.4 W/g, Organic Solar Cells (OSCs) 32.07 W/g and Quantum Dot Solar Cells (QDSC) 15.02 W/g, respectively.	Physics
Nano- to submicrometer large pores were created due to aluminum impurity diffusion through the gold and consequent etching effect of fluorides in the ionic liquid solution.	Physics
Our results can reinvigorate our information society for communication, sensing, timing and precision measurement.	Physics
We also lift and generalize the ``sharp'' construction of Ando-French-Ganter \cite{afg} to an operation on arbitrary $\EE_\infty$-complex orientations, thereby providing a rich source of new $\EE_\infty$-orientations for commutative ring spectra.	Mathematics
This demand is underscored by the meteoric rise in popularity of SWE-Bench.	AI
Engineering new molecules with desirable functions and properties has the potential to extend our ability to engineer proteins beyond what nature has so far evolved.	Biology
We present a universal concept for the Value of Information (VoI), based on the works of Claude Shannon's and Ruslan Stratonovich that can take into account very general preferences of the agents and results in a single number.	Economics
We identify the motivic $KGL/2$-local sphere as the fiber of $\psi^3-1$ on $(2,\eta)$-completed Hermitian $K$-theory, over any base scheme containing $1/2$. This is a motivic analogue of the classical resolution of the $K(1)$-local sphere, and extends to a description of the $KGL/2$-localization of an arbitrary motivic spectrum.	Mathematics
Traditional rule-based methods tend to limit the inherent flexibility of LLMs, as their predefined execution paths restrict the models' action space, particularly when the unexpected, out-of-workflow (OOW) queries are encountered.	AI
In this paper we show that the interaction between demand and supply is even more complex than expected, leading to what we call the curse of coordination: the pricing strategy for the seller which aimed at maximizing his profit corresponds to posting a price which, not only assumes that the customers will coordinate, but also lies very near the critical price value at which such high demand no more exists.	Finance
Addressing the second problem, we employ Monte Carlo tree search (MCTS) to find tidying trajectories without specifying explicit goals.	AI
We extend these constructions from smooth surfaces to bounded controlled $p$-variation surfaces in the Young regime, with $p < 2$.	Mathematics
Under our chosen annealing procedure, the s-LLG simulation with thermal annealing achieves a 100% success rate up to $H_A/H_\text{ex}\simeq3.0$.	Physics
Hand in hand with a better understanding of the characteristics of welfare, comes the need to consider the metrics we currently have that gauge economic growth and supplement those with measures that capture well-being more holistically.	Finance
Recent single-molecule studies revealed a dynamic monomer/dimer equilibrium of this receptor in artificial lipid bilayers.	Biology
Next, we explore the conditions under which LLMs would employ mixed strategies -- meaning they do not collapse to a single response -- when aligned in the limit using a non-reward-based approach, such as Nash learning from human feedback (NLHF).	Economics
It lowers the market's technology level in the long-time limit compared to markets with a lower intervention parameter.	Finance
The precise control over these optical properties under various conditions finds application in fields spanning communication, light-matter interactions, laser direct writing, and imaging, enriching our technological landscape.	Physics
Large language models (LLMs) have shown impressive abilities in answering questions across various domains, but they often encounter hallucination issues on questions that require professional and up-to-date knowledge.	AI
Through SHAP analysis, the study revealed that fibrous materials and particle size distribution were primary drivers of shear strength variation, with food waste and plastics showing significant but non-linear effects.	AI
In most cases, the effective (rather than nominal) interest rate is restricted, which includes all commissions and fees associated with a loan.	Finance
It is shown that to implement the possible effect of space weather on the terrestrial harvests and prices, a simultaneous fulfillment of three conditions is required: 1) sensitivity of local weather (cloud cover, atmospheric circulation) to the state of space weather; 2) sensitivity of the area of specific agricultural crops to the weather anomalies (belonging to the area of risk farming); 3) relative isolation of the market, making it difficult to damp the price hikes by the external food supplies.	Finance
The conditions for the ensemble of agents to more accurately follow the periodicity of the signal are studied, finding a maximum in the response of the system for a given range of values of both the noise and the frequency of the input signal.	Finance
Although Betti tables of singly and bigraded modules are already being used in applications of topological data analysis, their computation in the bigraded case (which relies on an algorithm that is cubic in the size of the filtered simplicial complex) is a bottleneck when working with large datasets.	Mathematics
We show this association is injective, and bijective in many cases.	Mathematics
To address this problem, this paper proposes a Heterogeneous Graph Matching Network (HeGMN), which is an end-to-end graph similarity learning framework composed of a two-tier matching mechanism.	AI
Despite decades of effort, understanding the shape of genome space in biology remains a challenge due to the similarity, variability, diversity, and plasticity of evolutionary relationships among species, genes, or other biological entities.	Mathematics
Extending VC to state-of-the-art materials may lead to new applications and improved performance for optoelectronic devices.	Physics
The first is to identify adversarial prompt injects and then to assess whether the input prompt is contextually benign or adversarial.	AI
We provide useful insights on the type of hybridization that works best for specific problem classes, the algorithm components that contribute to the performance of the algorithms, and the advantages and disadvantages of two well-known instance separation strategies, creating stratified training set using a fix percentage and leave-one-class-out cross-validation.	AI
The lack of existing models that describe the evolution of the economic variables determined by the sums of the 2nd degrees of market trades results in the fact that even predictions of the volatilities of price and return are very uncertain.	Finance
With some reasonable assumptions on the vineyard modules, this simplified representation of the vineyard module can be completely described (up to isomorphism) by the underlying vineyard and a vector of finite length.	Mathematics
These excess returns have a Sharpe ratio nearly twice as high as the U.S. stock market yet are uncorrelated with market risk.	Finance
A large and well diversified market with no dominating asset will only return zero while a market dominated by a small number of assets will only return the risk-free rate.	Finance
Interpretable machine learning techniques show that persistent homology features of the papillae shape are the most effective in predicting the biological variables.	Mathematics
We introduce a novel all-optical platform in multimode and multicore fibres.	Physics
One such pioneering model is Genie, a method that asymmetrically represents protein structures during the forward and backward processes, using simple Gaussian noising for the former and expressive SE(3)-equivariant attention for the latter.	Biology
We apply our model to explain the emergence of hatred and the spread of racism in a society.	Economics
It examines the mechanisms, risks, and mitigation strategies at each layer, highlighting the potential for scaling decentralized stablecoins while ensuring systemic health.	Finance
Similar descriptions are provided for skeleta of toric manifolds and compact nonsingular toric varieties.	Mathematics
The smallest set (in the set inclusion sense) is achieved on a lattice-type network.	Economics
The mentioned maps are fairly simple, with each component depending depending only on the bottleneck distance to the corresponding landmark persistence diagram.	Mathematics
This study reports the observation of the large anomalous Nernst effect in polycrystalline ferromagnetic Co$_{2}$MnGa (CMG) slabs prepared by a spark plasma sintering method.	Physics
Players incur costs when they invest in the technology, so they need to reach a bargaining agreement on how to share the resulting revenue before making their investment decisions.	Economics
However, existing approaches face difficulties adequately capturing the intrinsic connections between the modalities and overlooking the corresponding semantic representations of intent.	AI
Evaluated on three DEL datasets, MPDF demonstrates superior performance in data processing and analysis for validation tasks.	Biology
We find the perhaps surprising inequality that the weighted average of independent and identically distributed Pareto random variables with infinite mean is larger than one such random variable in the sense of first-order stochastic dominance.	Economics
Metamaterials have gained popularity in recent years as a promising avenue for producing innovative materials with distinctive properties that offer unprecedented features.	Physics
Additionally, the resultant holo-like states provide superior inputs for traditional SBDD approaches, playing a significant role in practical drug discovery.	Biology
The auction of a single indivisible item is one of the most celebrated problems in mechanism design with transfers.	Economics
We also observe a negative relation between portfolio volatility and portfolio skewness.	Finance
Our results show that for a broad family of markets, the error bound may not grow faster than $n^2\log(n)$ while maintaining a deterministic guarantee on the behavior of stable matching mechanisms in the limit.	Economics
In human evaluations (N=60), EMCEE outperforms baseline models and the control group in improving users' comprehension, acceptance, trust, and collaboration with static explanations by large margins.	AI
This result provides a theoretical foundation for faddish behavior in which people often change their actions more frequently than necessary.	Economics
We characterise the worst distribution for a given mechanism and use this characterisation to find an optimal robust mechanism.	Economics
The new currency system is robust and efficient, and provides a way for public goods and services to be provided, and its providers compensated, without the need for direct taxation.	Finance
Notational conventions are based on public controlled vocabularies and ontologies.	Biology
Despite the attractive subgraph classification results benchmarked by the paper, competitive methods remain expensive to apply due to the massive size of the graph; moreover, existing methods require candidate subgraphs as inputs which may not be available in practice.	Finance
Using a global game which addresses both concerns, we show that the selling pressure on stablecoin holders increases in the presence of a large sale.	Economics
Aimed to unlock this long-standing challenge, we propose a new perspective of protein folding, specifically, as a problem that should be devised as an 'analytic whole' -- a Leibniz & Kant's notion.	Biology
These models have demonstrated remarkable capabilities in understanding context, processing vast amounts of data, and generating human-preferred contents.	Finance
Consumer credit services offered by e-commerce platforms provide customers with convenient loan access during shopping and have the potential to stimulate sales.	Finance
Finally we apply the dataset to our main use-case which is to benchmark multilingual automatic evaluators (LLM-as-a-judge).	AI
Stability of this invariant is shown with respect to an adapted interleaving distance for extended zigzag modules.	Mathematics
The system is de-signed to understand and apply Gomoku strat-egies and logic to make rational decisions.	AI
We ask whether desirable properties can be ensured under opacity in a robust sense.	Economics
We then show that the left Kan extension of the composition of this functor with the core functor is an equivalence.	Mathematics
To address the challenge of large search spaces and high sampling costs, we design a relaxation mechanism that uses an approximation strategy to efficiently explore optimal subgraph configurations.	Biology
This more general notion subsumes the notion of motivic Tambara functors introduced by Bachmann.	Mathematics
Many of these phenomena appear abundantly in large random markets.	Economics
Further, we illustrate the manipulation of amplitude and frequency spectra of flexural wave temporal refraction and reflection through multi stepped temporal interfaces.	Physics
Only one mycotoxin, sterigmatocystin, was found in a heavily contaminated book.	Biology
This approach is defined for logics involving reasoning with maximal consistent subsets and shows how any such logic can be translated to argumentation.	AI
These results shed light on processes of economic differentiation with scale, suggesting a general structure for the growth of national economies as integrated urban systems.	Finance
As a Bayesian, an agent must carry a complete recursion of priors over the uncertainty about future asset payouts, the strategies employed by other market participants that are aggregated in the price, other market participants' beliefs about the agent's strategy, other market participants beliefs about what the agent believes their strategies to be, and so on ad infinitum.	Economics
Specifically, the auction is rank-guaranteed, meaning that for any menu M and any valuation profile, the ex-post revenue is guaranteed to be at least as high as the highest revenue achievable from feasible allocations, taking the (|M|+ 1)th-highest valuation for each bundle as the price.	Economics
Fueled by the exponential growth of chemical data and the evolution of artificial intelligence, recent years have witnessed remarkable strides in MPP.	Biology
An limited retaliation strategy stipulates that, (1) players first follow a recommended cooperative plan; (2) if anyone deviates from the plan, the limited retaliation player retaliates by using the defection action for a limited duration; (3) after the retaliation, the limited retaliation player returns to the cooperative plan.	Economics
At shorter scales this model breaks down for two reasons: the elastic properties become sequence-dependent and the mechanical deformations at distal sites gets coupled.	Biology
Multimodal fake news detection typically demands complex architectures and substantial computational resources, posing deployment challenges in real-world settings.	AI
We show how to construct a balanced payment subsystem that can be settled in full and, therefore, that can be removed from the payment system to achieve liquidity-saving and payments gridlock resolution.	Finance
To obtain robust SMEs' assignments to the risk classes, a SMAA-TRI analysis is also implemented.	Finance
This argues for the mathematical naturality of the new index.	Economics
This points out that economic systems behave differently at different scales: while countries tend to diversify their production --potentially exporting a large number of different products-- firms specialize in exporting (substantially very limited) baskets of basically homogeneous products.	Finance
To address these challenges, we propose FABFlex, a fast and accurate regression-based multi-task learning model designed for realistic blind flexible docking scenarios, where proteins exhibit flexibility and binding pocket sites are unknown (blind).	AI
However, the specific physical mechanisms of microstructural refinement relevant to laser-based additive manufacturing have not been directly observed because of sub-millimeter length scales and rapid solidification rates associated with melt pools.	Physics
There is an urgent need to better improve the control and eradication or elimination efforts towards NTDs.	Biology
The proof-of-principle metasurfaces made of Sb$_2$S$_3$ allow for nonvolatile, reversible, and tunable spectral control over wavefront and switchable spatial response at a given wavelength.	Physics
However, game-theoretic predictions are based on the assumption that agents are fully rational and believe in equilibrium plays, which unfortunately are mostly not true when human decision makers are involved.	Economics
This work bridges topological data analysis and signal processing, presenting a new application of persistent homology as a topological data processing tool.	Mathematics
We warn, however, that the observations used to reach the conclusions are too few to obtain results with statistical significance.	Finance
While they exhibit certain limitations, the insights attained pave the way for future enhancements and optimisation strategies.	Finance
How do the improvements in welfare arising from better predictions compare to those of other policy levers?	Economics
Due to the existing structure of the wholesale market, the predicted demand that is used in the formation of the price is never realized since the flexible users will change their demand according to such established price.	Finance
Our results also give a novel approach for studying (higher) homotopy groups of discrete mathematical structures such as (directed) graphs or digital images.	Mathematics
In many problems, all three criteria are well-motivated and well-grounded from a decision-theoretic perspective, yet different criteria give different prescriptions.	Economics
The accuracy of the process is mainly controlled by the crucial role of stepping after erroneous incorporation, which has impact on both polymerase and exonuclease activities of DNA polymerase.	Biology
In this paper, we attempted to provide multiple therapy candidates based upon a sophisticated multi-scale in-silico framework.	Biology
These include conformational heterogeneity generated from designed motions of antibody complexes or sampled from a molecular dynamics simulation, as well as compositional heterogeneity from mixtures of ribosome assembly states or 100 common complexes present in cells.	Biology
Our simulations reveal that perovskite crystallizes in a heteroepitaxial manner on widely employed oxide interfaces.	Physics
Experiments on multiple datasets demonstrate that our approach achieves accuracy improvements of 3-7% over baseline models while reducing computational requirements by 34%.	AI
To overcome these obstacles, we design a strategy to exploit the interfacial Rashba effect (IRE) of lead-free 2D HOIP (C6H5CH2CH2NH3)2CuCl4 (PEA-CuCl), manifesting as an efficient spin generator at room temperature.	Physics
We document the extent of cost overruns, benefit shortfalls, and forecasting bias in public investments.	Finance
Here, we demonstrate ultrabright fluorescent nanodiamonds (NDs) containing 0.6-1.3-ppm nitrogen-vacancy (NV) centers by spin-environment engineering via enriching spin-less 12C-carbon isotopes and reducing substitutional nitrogen spin impurities.	Physics
Given the diverse nature of time series data, it is crucial to have mechanisms that can adjust the PH calculations by incorporating domain-specific knowledge.	Mathematics
We then identify special cases in which an efficient and envy-free assignment always exists.	Economics
iMD-VR platforms offer a unique opportunity to quickly generate rich datasets that capture human experts' spatial insight regarding molecular structure and function.	Biology
Fluidic channels at atomic scales regulate cellular trafficking and molecular filtration across membranes and thus play crucial roles in the functioning of living systems.	Physics
Portfolios based on momentum-liquidity bivariate sorts are formed and rebalanced on a varying number of cryptocurrencies through time.	Finance
We demonstrate via analysis of simulations and \emph{in vivo} experimental data that this method can be used to correctly identify multiple shared circular coordinate systems across both stimuli and inferred neural manifolds.	Mathematics
This paper uses value functions to characterize the pure-strategy subgame-perfect equilibria of an arbitrary, possibly infinite-horizon game.	Economics
Further, we focus on a more specific situation where all schools have only two priority orders, and for a certain group of students, a priority order of each school is an improvement of the other priority order of the school.	Economics
In most previous modeling studies, the existence of thermal contact resistance is not considered, and the computational complexity limits the size of simulated samples, which often leads to imprecise or inaccurate predictions.	Physics
We examine Compound, one of the most widely used PLFs, for a period starting from its conception to September 2020.	Finance
Contrary to some recent contributions (see e.g. [Cartea et al. 2022]), we find that the pseudo-collusive behavior in our model is robust to a large number of agents, demonstrating that even in the setting of financial markets with a large number of independently learning traders non-competitive pricing and pseudo-collusive behavior can frequently arise.	Economics
Especially the impact and connections of human behavior on wealth could so far not be inferred from data.	Finance
Subsequently, these representations are reconstructed using a latent diffusion model with a cross-modal conditioning mechanism as well as a fusion module.	AI
This is a game with incomplete information which considers the way in which parties anticipate upon other parties' behaviour in choosing a course of action.	Finance
Even though the emerging markets provide high returns these may also be an indication of a bubble formation.	Finance
With a FID Score of 18 and a KID Score of 0.001, our approach outperforms existing methods by effectively balancing training stability and increased diversity.	AI
They reveal that the three occurring spectral signatures TS1, TS2 and TS3 originate from one single defect.	Physics
Despite recent advances in suspension-based thermal spray techniques, there is still a need to widen the capability of available thermal spray setups to handle suspension to explore new compositions and improve the properties and performance of existing ones.	Physics
We characterise the set of fundamental groups for which there exist $n$-manifolds that are $h$-cobordant (hence homotopy equivalent) but not simple homotopy equivalent, when $n$ is sufficiently large.	Mathematics
An application of this result to the theory of dynamical systems addresses two open conjectures posed by J. Robbin and D. Salamon regarding uniqueness type questions for connection matrices.	Mathematics
The hierarchical tree provides information useful to investigate the number and nature of economic factors that have associated a meaningful economic taxonomy.	Finance
Empirically, S-MolSearch demonstrates superior performance on widely-used benchmarks LIT-PCBA and DUD-E. It surpasses both structure-based and ligand-based virtual screening methods for AUROC, BEDROC and EF.	Biology
We design an add/drop network of cavities to grant random access to multiple bits via a wavelength-division multiplexing scheme.	Physics
Improvements can result from optimizing the parameters of classical FFs or by extending the FF formulation by terms describing charge transfer and polarization effects.	Biology
Current-voltage characteristic curve of a reference cell (Cell-A) was used as the starting device.	Physics
The authors welcome suggestions and feedback from the community to continuously improve this review article until it is published).	Physics
These arguments are based on the particular algebraic structure and interplay of the torsion and non-torsion parts of the cohomology and cobordism rings of a given compact Lie group.	Mathematics
For governments, financial management of the policy is very challenging as that it needs a considerable amount of budget to support RE producers during the long remuneration period.	Finance
We present a model in which we investigate the structure and evolution of a random network that connects agents capable of exchanging wealth.	Finance
This study examines whether the efficiency of cryptocurrency markets (Bitcoin and Ethereum) evolve over time based on Lo's (2004) adaptive market hypothesis (AMH).	Finance
This paper presents a pioneering approach for simulation of economic activity, policy implementation, and pricing of goods in token economies.	Finance
We show that the information designer can achieve regret $O(\sqrt{\mathrm{rReg}(T) T})$, where $\mathrm{rReg}(T)=o(T)$ is an upper bound on the receiver's learning regret.	Economics
We found that our model can cluster the structures very well, demonstrating the representation and featurization power of the current approach.	Biology
CL in artificial neural networks (NNs) is challenging due to catastrophic forgetting, where new learning degrades performance on older tasks.	Physics
We discuss the CSI-300 index (China-Shanghai-Shenzhen-300-Stock Index) as a test case.	Finance
Preferences are represented by permutation processes over alternatives and aggregation rules are applied to obtain results that are socially considered to be ethically correct.	Economics
The fabricated JJs can be described by the microscopic theory of SNS junctions, assuming no suppression of the energy gap in Nb electrodes near the NbN$_x$ interfaces and a Cooper pair decay length in the NbN$_x$ barrier of about 2.3 nm.	Physics
However, recent advancements have introduced optimization techniques that, interestingly, expand models post-training, increasing model size to improve quality when reducing volume.	AI
More specifically, we propose a zero-sum stochastic Stackelberg game whose recSE correspond to the recursive competitive equilibria of a large class of stochastic Fisher markets.	Economics
Examples of such complexes are independence complexes of ternary graphs and independence complexes of simplicial forests.	Mathematics
For it the just differentiation of tax base in the section of state, regional and local budgets and transfers system for support of the budgets of the territorial units from the central budget are necessary.	Finance
(2) If the agent uses contextual no-swap-regret learning algorithms with swap-regret $\mathrm{SReg}(T)$, then the principal cannot obtain utility more than $U^* + O(\frac{\mathrm{SReg(T)}}{T})$. But (3) if the agent uses mean-based learning algorithms (which can be no-regret but not no-swap-regret), then the principal can sometimes do significantly better than $U^*$. These results not only refine previous results in Stackelberg games and contract design, but also lead to new results for Bayesian persuasion with a learning agent and all generalized principal-agent problems where the agent does not have private information.	Economics
Directly generating material structures with optimal properties is a long-standing goal in material design.	Physics
The electrical control of magnetic chirality demonstrated in this study can be extended to other non-metallic centrosymmetric skyrmion-hosting magnets, opening avenues for future device designs in topological spintronics and quantum computing.	Physics
The agent's relative optimism or pessimism dictates whether the contract is high-powered (i.e. with high variability between wage levels) or low-powered.	Economics
Here, device miniaturization into photonic integrated circuits (PICs) with maintained optical capabilities is key to revolutionize mid-IR photonics.	Physics
We conducted both automatic and human evaluations on the proposed system, fEw-shot Multi-round ConvErsational Explanation (EMCEE).	AI
Human experts assessed the relevance of the returned candidates, and an Elo rating system was applied to quantitatively measure each tool's comparative performance.	AI
Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) can be defined as a virtual currency based on node network and digital encryption algorithm issued by a country which has a legal credit protection.	Finance
They can be correlated with the 'grain model' for premelting and its development by the Lipovsky model.	Physics
Using higher descent for chromatically localized algebraic $K$-theory, we show that the higher semiadditive cardinality of a $\pi$-finite $p$-space $A$ at the Lubin-Tate spectrum $E_n$ is equal to the higher semiadditive cardinality of the free loop space $LA$ at $E_{n-1}$. By induction, it is thus equal to the homotopy cardinality of the $n$-fold free loop space $L^n A$.	Mathematics
For instance, when modeled with attributes of sexual minority groups or physical disabilities, Claude-3-Opus displays increased risk aversion, leading to more conservative choices.	Economics
Employing a uniform training methodology, we assessed three well-known models-RoBERTa, BART, and LLaMA-on their ability to predict molecular properties using the Simplified Molecular Input Line Entry System (SMILES) as a universal molecular representation format.	Biology
Overall, the conjectured role of C-DNA in recombination-independent pairing should revive the efforts to understand its structure and function in the cell.	Biology
Even with two or three rivals, competition is still highly fierce.	Economics
The companies strategic behavior can result positive as well as negative expected profit for companies.	Economics
Current literature on the fusion of TDE and TDA are adept at analyzing uniformly-spaced time series observations.	Mathematics
Cylindrical manipulators are extensively used in industrial automation, especially in emerging technologies like 3D printing, which represents a significant future trend.	Physics
In the present study, our goal was to apply a metagenomic data search to identify efficient novel enzymes in remediation of PAH-contaminated soils.	Biology
Our findings offer implications for software engineering researchers, educators, and developers.	AI
Our comparative studies show that although the neutron production efficiency of the GF $\gamma$-ray beam (per MW of the beam power) is approximately $14$ times lower than that of the $500\,$MeV proton beam, the overall net ANES power production efficiency for the GF beam driver scheme could be comparable to that of the proton beam driver scheme, while providing additional transmutation capacity, not available for the proton beam driven scheme.	Physics
Additionally, we demonstrated a 0.3 nm MW-DFB laser with a seven-channel output, achieving a wavelength spacing of 0.274 nm and a standard deviation of 0.0055 nm.	Physics
Moreover, SWI outperforms answer-trigger prompting methods Chain-of-Thought and Plan-and-Solve and maintains competitive performance with the strong method ARR (Analyzing, Retrieving, and Reasoning).	AI
Our main contribution is a complete characterization of the regret regimes for fixed-price mechanisms with different feedback models and private valuations, using as a benchmark the best fixed-price in hindsight.	Economics
This note shows that the value of ambiguous persuasion characterized in Beauchene, Li and Li(2019) can be given by a concavification program as in Bayesian persuasion (Kamenica and Gentzkow, 2011).	Economics
Following the Extended Chiarella model, three types of trading agents are introduced in this agent-based model: fundamental traders, momentum traders, and noise traders.	Finance
We present several combinatorial examples and how these constructions can be applied to them.	Mathematics
This model accurately predicts experimental outcomes and further demonstrates the temporal and spatial influences on DSB clustering.	Biology
Next, we present the applications of PGMs in social recommendation and drug discovery.	Biology
This seeming contradiction has encouraged scholars and policy makers to explore the true effects of RTAs, including both regional and global trade relationships.	Finance
Our goal is to predict additional drug synergy relationships in that context.	Biology
For this reason, predicting the specific ligand-TAS2Rs interactions can be useful not only in the field of taste perception but also in the broader context of drug design.	Biology
Results demonstrate that CP leaf extract inhibits 3CLpro and PLpro significantly with IC50 of 0.02 microgram/mL and 0.06 microgram/mL, respectively, but it is inactive towards TMPRSS2.	Biology
Graph-based signal processing techniques have become essential for handling data in non-Euclidean spaces.	Mathematics
However, we observe that while these methods increase prototype distances to enhance class discrimination, they inevitably disrupt essential semantic relationships among classes, which are crucial for model generalization.	AI
We introduce a new family of quotients of the real Stiefel manifold by cyclic group of order 2 whose action is induced by simultaneous pairwise flipping of the coordinates.	Mathematics
Probabilistic bit (p-bit)-based compute engines utilize the unique capability of a p-bit to probabilistically switch between two states to solve computationally challenging problems.	Physics
Because investors chase self-inflated fund returns at a high frequency, even short-lived impact meaningfully affects fund flows at longer time scales.	Finance
Its adoption has the potential to drive innovation and enhance risk management practices in the securitization market.	Finance
"Blockchain is a technological innovation that has the potential to radically change our financial markets by providing an alternative management approach to the ""promise market"", which is the foundation of our financial systems."	Finance
Optimal portfolios' returns lie largely outside the span of traditional factors.	Finance
We demonstrate the similarities between DWs in bi-axial AFM with easy-axis primary anisotropy, driven by a spin current, and long Josephson junctions (LJJs).	Physics
In this communication we explore the possibilities of making magnesium nanostructures by a physical technique of magnetron sputtering and to control their crystallographic properties, i.e. the type of the dominating crystalline faces building up the external surface of the particle.	Physics
Finally, it outputs both the 1D sequences and 3D structure via a multi-round progressive full-shot scheme, which enjoys more efficiency and precision against previous autoregressive approaches.	Biology
We validate these theoretical findings through comprehensive full-wave numerical simulations.	Physics
We consider a simple model of firm/city/etc. growth based on a multi-item criterion: whenever entity B fares better that entity A on a subset of $M$ items out of $K$, the agent originally in A moves to B.	Finance
Leveraging this platform, we demonstrated efficient optical nonlinearity in an AlN microcavity, low-loss and tunable SiN waveguide-based optical components, and optical linking between AlN and SiN PICs layers in the visible and near-infrared spectrum, hinting at potential applications in integrated quantum systems.	Physics
In this way, for every $k\geq 0,$ we obtain exact formulas for the quasimodular expressions of $\widehat{A}_k$ and $L_k$ as ``traces'' of partition Eisenstein series \[\widehat{\mathcal{A}}_k(\tau)= \operatorname{Tr}_k(\phi_{\widehat{A}};\tau)\ \ \ \ \ \ {\text {\rm and}}\ \ \ \ \ \ \mathcal{L}_k(\tau)= \operatorname{Tr}_k(\phi_L;\tau).	Mathematics
Would preventing threats in algorithmic decision-making prevent supra-competitive prices when sellers are optimizing for their own revenue?	Economics
Here, highly crystalline semimetallic PtSe2 films are grown by molecular beam epitaxy on sapphire substrates.	Physics
This work presents LatticeML, a data-driven application for predicting the effective Young's Modulus of high-temperature graph-based architected materials.	Physics
The method can also be applied to other vapor-cell atomic frequency standards that experience light shifts.	Physics
Analysis of the finite phononic system involves constructing the global transfer matrix to study natural frequencies and scattering coefficients.	Physics
Due to stringent thermal budgets in cryogenic technologies such as superconducting quantum computers and sensors, minimizing the energy dissipation and power consumption of cryogenic electronic components is pivotal for large-scale devices.	Physics
NMT transformers achieve state-of-the-art sequential representation learning by encoding context and decoding for the next best action to represent long-range dependencies.	Finance
To address this challenge, we introduce FLoWN, a flow matching model that learns to generate neural network parameters for different tasks.	AI
However, to our surprise, we design a simple and cheap algorithm (parameter-free) based on the traditional methods and find it is comparable to or even outperforms deep learning based MCG methods in the widely used GEOM-QM9 and GEOM-Drugs benchmarks.	Biology
In this paper, we demonstrate that integrating effective periodicity modeling can improve the learning efficiency and performance of LLMs.	AI
If no sale of security is consummated, no crime is also consummated.	Finance
Online platforms and regulators face a continuing problem of designing effective evaluation metrics.	Economics
Our findings suggest that important topological information lies in repeatable, low-persistence homology generators, whose distributions capture important and interpretable differences between high-dimensional data representations.	Mathematics
Using both mathematical proofs and empirical evidence from ETH/USDC pools, we show that AMM-based markets incorporate historical path information beyond the current market beliefs.	Economics
Recent events such as the global financial crisis have renewed the interest in the topic of economic networks.	Finance
Photoluminescence (PL) bleaching and enhancement under light soaking and recovery in dark are examples of the transient phenomena that are consequent to the creation and healing of defects.	Physics
Although target-aware generative models have made significant advances in drug design, they do not consider chemistry conditions and cannot guarantee the desired chemical properties.	Biology
We analyze the problem of locating a public facility in a domain of single-peaked and single-dipped preferences when the social planner knows the type of preference (single-peaked or single-dipped) of each agent.	Economics
The market mechanism conforms with the cost-causation principle and guarantees community members a surplus level no less than their maximum surplus when they autonomously face the DSO.	Economics
Opinion formation, therefore, is not always the result of optimal information processing.	Finance
Therefore, the new strategies for engineering moir\'e length, angle, and potential strength are essential for developing programmable quantum materials and advanced twistronics applications devices.	Physics
This article introduces a novel protein structure alignment method (named TALI) based on the protein backbone torsion angle instead of the more traditional distance matrix.	Biology
We do not use revenue equivalence and virtual valuations as tools in our proofs.	Economics
Our analysis for the former restriction leads to the discovery of a new class of tractable instances for the Set Union Knapsack problem, a classical problem in combinatorial optimization.	Economics
We revisit granular models that represent the size of a firm as the sum of the sizes of multiple constituents or sub-units.	Finance
Explainable AI is a crucial component for edge services, as it ensures reliable decision making based on complex AI models.	AI
In addition, we investigate conditions for realizability and the effect of modifications of the source category and the underlying field.	Mathematics
We document that the time series of these three futures prices are cointegrated and we model the resulting cointegration spread by a mean-reverting regime-switching process modulated by a hidden Markov chain.	Finance
This paper studies the optimal information policy to persuade an information-avoidant patient to undergo the test and make the best choice that maximizes his health.	Economics
Our experiments, conducted on a carefully curated test set, demonstrate that training with the automated predicted codes leads to a significant improvement in accuracy compared to manually annotated data from physicians.	AI
In this paper, we define several topological characterizations of hypergraphs in defining hypergraph persistent homology to prioritize different higher-order structures within hypergraphs.	Mathematics
Our paper explores this under-explored issue on how the free-riding behavior in a competitive market affects firms' incentives to form FL.	Economics
We demonstrate the methodology using organic-inorganic halide perovskite (OIHP) structures.	Mathematics
This paper provides a thorough exploration of the nuanced methodologies employed in integrating LLMs into the field of chemistry, delving into the complexities and innovations at this interdisciplinary juncture.	Biology
Using cardiovascular event-specific clinical trial data, the framework achieved an F1-score of 0.82 for event extraction and an accuracy of 0.68 for adjudication.	AI
We establish its correspondence with the fibrewise sectional category of a specific fibrewise fibration and derive cohomological lower bounds and connectivity upper bounds under mild conditions.	Mathematics
This benchmark challenges code agents to generate patches addressing GitHub issues given the full repository as context.	AI
One crucial metric for spin current generation is the spin Hall angle, which is the ratio of the spin Hall current to the transversely flowing charge current.	Physics
Quantum error correcting code can diagnose potential errors and correct them based on measured outcomes by leveraging syndrome measurement.	Physics
Terahertz (THz) phononic engineering could lead to acoustic filters and modulators at higher bandwidth and speed, as well as quantum circuits operating at higher temperatures.	Physics
In this paper, we provide the same matrix multiplication bound for computing representatives for the two choices common in applications in the case of ordinary persistent (co)homology.	Mathematics
We demonstrate how the probability distribution of the vaccination time acts as a generalised form of discounting, with the special case of an exponential vaccination time distribution directly corresponding to regular exponential discounting.	Economics
A firm offers a contract to incentivise a worker protected by limited liability.	Economics
I find no evidence that firms just inside the Russell 2000 have significantly different effective tax rates than firms just outside.	Finance
Structure-based drug discovery (SBDD) is a systematic scientific process that develops new drugs by leveraging the detailed physical structure of the target protein.	Biology
SGM studies including light excitation are then performed using both a white light LED and laser diodes at 515 and 780nm.	Physics
Here, we introduce \textsc{GENzyme}, a \textit{de novo} enzyme design model that takes a catalytic reaction as input and generates the catalytic pocket, full enzyme structure, and enzyme-substrate binding complex.	Biology
The protein folding problem (PFP) remains one of the more difficult problems in computational and chemical biology.	Biology
The COVID-19 pandemic has further accelerated and deepened the recognition of the potential of these techniques, especially in the areas of drug repurposing and efficacy predictions.	Biology
Finally, prefetcher for data and instructions is implemented to optimize off-chip memory access and maximize node parallelism.	AI
Unlike in traditional graphene biosensors, changes in electrolyte properties over time, such as those caused by the dissolution of ambient gases, do not significantly affect AC measurements.	Physics
Starting with the rational Sullivan minimal model of the 4-sphere $S^4$, capturing the dynamics of M-theory via Hypothesis H, this progresses to the dimensional reduction of M-theory on torus $T^k$, $k \ge 1$, with its dynamics described via the iterated cyclic loop space $\mathcal{L}_c^k S^4$ of the 4-sphere.	Mathematics
A warning to commitment optimizers, the risk these findings indicate appears to be alleviated to some extent by a strict information advantage the manipulations rely on.	Economics
Computed structural parameters are in good agreement with literature reports.	Physics
Underlying each of these implications are the combinatorics of multidimensionally coherent families of functions of small infinite cardinal height, and it is for this reason that we convene accounts of them together herein.	Mathematics
Establishing a connection between XRP price and transaction networks, we compute correlation tensors and singular values, emphasizing the significance of the largest singular value.	Finance
First, the acquired images revealed the formation of several corrosion sites close to each other.	Physics
DEP accounts for immune-stimulant effect capable of increasing natural killer cell activity, IL-2 generation, as well as of inhibiting tumor growth.	Biology
However, it is unclear how to best pre-train protein language models for TCR specificity prediction.	Biology
We observe that an analogous model structure can be constructed on the category of cubical sets, and use it to equip the category of (simple) graphs with a fibration category structure whose weak equivalences are discrete $n$-equivalences.	Mathematics
These techniques use a sharp metallic tip of an atomic force microscope (AFM) to enhance incoming and scattered light by excited near-fields at the tip apex leading to high sensitivity and a spatial resolution of a few nanometers.	Physics
RINGER provides fast backbone and side-chain sampling while respecting key structural invariances of cyclic peptides.	Biology
We test whether they convey incremental information that is useful for price discovery for nonfinancial S&P 500 firms.	Finance
Foundational language models show a remarkable ability to learn new concepts during inference via context data.	AI
In regular magneto-optical trap (MOT) systems, the delivery of six circularly polarized (CP) cooling beams requires complex and bulky optical arrangements including waveplates, mirrors, retroreflectors, etc.	Physics
Next step will be the propagation of the network application and we expect many shared benefits for the whole economics development.	Finance
To bridge this gap, we formulate the co-optimization of safety and performance as a state-constrained optimal control problem, where performance objectives are encoded via a cost function and safety requirements are imposed as state constraints.	AI
However, the restrictive structure of this top-down approach implying that upper level decisions are the constraints for lower level decisions also has its shortcomings.	Finance
These findings could pave the way for cooperative and adaptive thermal management and hold potential applications in other Laplace fields, including direct current and hydrodynamics.	Physics
We use tools from discrete Morse theory to show that the perfect matching complex of any polygonal line tiling is either contractible or homotopically equivalent to a wedge of spheres.	Mathematics
We study the topological complexity, in the sense of Smale, of three enumerative problems in algebraic geometry: finding the 27 lines on cubic surfaces, the 28 bitangents and the 24 inflection points on quartic curves.	Mathematics
Results show similar benchmark utility post-watermarking and successful contamination detection when models are contaminated enough to enhance performance, e.g. $p$-val $=10^{-3}$ for +5$\%$ on ARC-Easy.	AI
Not only do many plausible alternatives exist and evidence exists for both evolutionary advantage and physicochemical constraint for those encoded by life.	Biology
When an LLM decoder is trained using \textbf{EpMAN}, its performance on multiple challenging single-hop long-context recall and question-answering benchmarks is found to be stronger and more robust across the range from 16k to 256k tokens than baseline decoders trained with self-attention, and popular retrieval-augmented generation frameworks.	AI
In response to this challenge, we introduce the Deep Geometry Handling protocol, a more abstract design that extends the design focus beyond the model architecture.	Biology
Experiments show that performance accuracy in both English and non-English settings remains relatively low, with a 4%-6% gap across scenarios like fine-tuned SLM, zero-shot LLM, and RAG for LLM.	AI
Our results highlight the combination between twist-angle and number of layers as key elements for engineering spin-switching reversals in twisted magnets, of interest towards the miniaturization of spintronic devices and realizing novel spin textures.	Physics
In our proof we combine topological combinatorics with the algebraic approach to constraint satisfaction problem.	Mathematics
However, it remains unclear to what extent LLMs align with human citation practices, how they perform across domains, and may influence citation dynamics.	AI
Furthermore, loss aversion can boost effort if prizes are sufficiently equitable, but otherwise effort declines with loss aversion.	Economics
An optimal school system exhibits coarse stratification with respect to ability, and more lenient grading at the top-tier schools than at the bottom-tier schools.	Economics
A recent paper proposes Dynamic Tanh (DyT) as a drop-in replacement for layer normalization (LN).	AI
This innovative approach enables joint training of the LLM exclusively through the Next-Token Prediction paradigm, facilitating multimodal protein reasoning and generation.	Biology
This paper examines the effect of the political network of Chinese municipal leaders on the pricing of municipal corporate bonds.	Finance
Again, we find that all yearly data sets for Calabria and Sicily agree with Benford's law whereas only the 2007 and 2008 yearly data show departures from the law for Campania.	Finance
We show that if a preference relation over interventions satisfies certain axioms (related to standard axioms regarding counterfactuals), then we can define (i) a causal model, (ii) a probability capturing the decision-maker's uncertainty regarding the external factors in the world and (iii) a utility on outcomes such that each intervention is associated with an expected utility and such that intervention $A$ is preferred to $B$ iff the expected utility of $A$ is greater than that of $B$. In addition, we characterize when the causal model is unique.	Economics
We introduce a quantitative score called Composite Interpretability (CI) to help visualize the trade-off between interpretability and performance, particularly in the case of composite models.	AI
This paper introduces Vendi-RAG, a framework based on an iterative process that jointly optimizes retrieval diversity and answer quality.	AI
Additionally, we investigate non-vanishing criteria based on a cohomological dimension bound of the saturated diagonal.	Mathematics
Many equilibrium-based bidding strategies proposed are complex to use in real-time.	Economics
The setup was also used to measure the (quasi-)static dielectric constant of PMMA at T = 70 K.	Physics
While important theoretical findings of the measure are detailed, the empirical study analyzes how different distressing events of the cryptocurrencies impact the risk level of each other.	Finance
After a fixed number of queries, the sender commits to a messaging policy and the receiver takes the action that maximizes her expected utility given the message she receives.	Economics
Such measures should of course be accompanied by the substantial increases in the agricultural labor productivity and the decline of the percentage of population employed in agriculture.	Finance
Decentralized Finance (DeFi) is built on a fundamentally different paradigm: rather than having to trust individuals and institutions, participants in DeFi potentially only have to trust computer code that is enforced by a decentralized network of computers.	Finance
Specifically, we focus on a specific form of greenwashing: selective disclosure.	Finance
This paper deals with the explicit design of strategy formulations to make the best strategic choices from a conventional matrix form of representing strategic choices.	Finance
However, little progress has been made in designing molecules and their synthetic routes simultaneously.	Biology
We propose a learning architecture that allows symbolic control and guidance in reinforcement learning with deep neural networks.	AI
In this paper, the set of all interval modules over a given poset plays a central role.	Mathematics
However, shorter proteins (known as peptides) take on distinct structures and functions compared to their longer counterparts.	Biology
More explicitly, we provide an example of a compact $C^0$-stratified space whose exit paths $\infty$-category is compact, but not finite.	Mathematics
Proteins are complex biomolecules that play a central role in various biological processes, making them critical targets for breakthroughs in molecular biology, medical research, and drug discovery.	Biology
A discrete distribution of actions, corresponding probability mass, cumulative distribution and characteristic functions, moments, extreme values are presented.	Finance
We evaluate the performance of two frontier LLMs (GPT-4o and Claude 3.5 Sonnet) using a custom agent framework we open source.	AI
We provide experimental insight to analyze current scoring techniques, highlighting that the development of robust, zero-shot filters is an important research gap.	Biology
To address these limitations, we introduce Shadow Director, a method that extracts and manipulates hidden shadow attributes within well-trained diffusion models.	AI
To further improve their performance, we propose KSOD (Knowledge Supplement for LLMs On Demand), a novel framework that empowers LLMs to improve their capabilities with knowledge-based supervised fine-tuning (SFT).	AI
Based on a reference class of 200 past, comparable projects, risk of schedule overrun was found to be 104% or less, with 80% certainty, i.e., 20% risk of overrun above 104%.	Finance
We show that private order flow is complementary to top-of-block opportunities, and therefore integrated builder-searchers are more likely to participate in OFAs and outbid non integrated builders.	Economics
We analyze competition on nonlinear prices in homogeneous goods markets with consumer search.	Economics
More specifically, we prove that (i) MP is, apart from one other rule, the only monotonic sequential payment rule and gives a $2$-approximation to a fairness notion called average fair share, and (ii) $\frac{1}{3}$-MP gives a $\frac{3}{2}$-approximation to average fair share, which is optimal among sequential payment rules.	Economics
The work relies heavily on work done several years earlier for the (complex) ku groups by the author and W.S.Wilson.	Mathematics
Building on this, we highlight the emerging role of LLMs in extending AI beyond prediction, empowering autonomous agents to process unstructured data, generate alphas, and support self-iterative workflows.	AI
Experiments on eight different real-world graphs show our approach often outperforms all baselines including a state-of-the-art numerical method for interactive graph discovery.	AI
Error diagram tests show that this new indicator has strong predictive power for financial extremes, both peaks and troughs.	Finance
In order to construct the desired decomposition of the category, we develop a general theory of `prismatic decompositions' of rigidly-compactly generated tensor-triangulated categories, which in favourable cases gives a series of recollements for reconstructing the category from local factors over individual points of the spectrum.	Mathematics
Color centers in wide-bandgap semiconductors are a promising class of solid-state quantum light source, many of which operate at room temperature.	Physics
Aquaporins play a key role for the regulation of water transport and solute selectivity in biological cells and tissues.	Biology
This study pioneers the use of memristive and spatio-temporal properties of nanowire networks for audio signal classification without pre-processing.	Physics
A recent solution to these issues, implemented in the MEDYAN simulation platform, uses analytical expressions obtained from integrating an interaction kernel along the lengths of two polymer segments to describe their repulsion.	Biology
Some recent papers have studied the propagation of a temporary, negative shock through an input-output network.	Economics
This article aims to present an elementary analytical solution to the question of the formation of a structure of differentiation of rates of return in a classical gravitation model and in a model of the dynamics of price-wage spirals.	Finance
As is well-known, optimal mechanisms are in general complicated, while simple mechanisms -- such as pure bundling or separate sales -- can be far from optimal and do not admit clear-cut comparisons.	Economics
To address the need for Venus and outer planet missions, NASA has developed the Heatshield for Extreme Environment Entry Technology (HEEET).	Physics
Hence, our analysis suggests an equivalence between disclosure and design in these settings.	Economics
We investigate how the power distribution, based on the Shapley-Shubik index, and the proportion of winning coalitions change if these criteria are modified within reasonable bounds.	Economics
This dual approach of graph based and sequential modelling allows for a comprehensive understanding of both the individual characteristics of amino acids and their collective behaviour in a peptide sequence.	Biology
We propose a parsimonious measure for equity and apply it to the family of standard auctions for homogeneous goods.	Economics
Consequently, directly embedding adversarial strings in malicious instructions or injecting malicious prompts into tool interactions has become less effective against modern LLM agents.	AI
Our framework initially focuses on AI-based code analysis, utilizing GAN-augmented opcode embeddings to address class imbalance, achieving 97.67% accuracy and a recall of 0.942 in detecting illicit contracts, surpassing traditional oversampling methods.	AI
"The proof does not use classical ideas but instead relies on a recent cohomological splitting result of Abouzaid-McLean-Smith for Hamiltonian fibrations over $\mathbb{CP}^1.$ Moreover, we establish analogues of the ""localization"" and ""injectivity to fixed points"" theorems for certain cohomology theories studied by Hopkins-Kuhn-Ravenel."	Mathematics
In contrast, cells cultivated onto unstructured surfaces or randomly oriented nanofibers, show an omnidirectional growth behavior.	Physics
However, I identify a set of \textit{assortative matched} conditions on feedback such that monotone strategies remain optimal whenever the agent's prior is sufficiently optimistic.	Economics
Grant--Lupton--Oprea proved the following: If X is a nilpotent space with TC$_n$(X)=n-1 then X is homotopy equivalent to an odd-dimensional sphere.	Mathematics
"We propose a number of baseline solutions to the problem and show that the same underlying energy function can be learned either by solving the interaction pose task (formulated as an energy-minimization ""docking"" problem) or the fact-of-interaction task (formulated as a binding free energy estimation problem)."	Biology
Finally, we share insights on scaling such courses for larger cohorts and improving the learning experience for introductory CS students.	AI
I study mechanism design with blockchain-based tokens, that is, tokens that can be used within a mechanism but can also be saved and traded outside of the mechanism.	Economics
Extraction of sentiment signals from news text, stock message boards, and business reports, for stock movement prediction, has been a rising field of interest in finance.	Finance
Using experimental and theoretical approaches, we demonstrate the underlying competition between tube size and shape on the stress intensity factor from which engineering stepwise cracking can emerge.	Physics
In our model, agents' preferences over stochastically generated content are encoded as large language models (LLMs).	Economics
When teams have nonnegative values for participants, we prove that an EF1 and Pareto optimal allocation exists and, if the valuations are binary, can be found in polynomial time.	Economics
We explain why this does not work for the associative complex and how to adjust the space of graphs to deal with this case.	Mathematics
Predicting the binding structure of a small molecule ligand to a protein -- a task known as molecular docking -- is critical to drug design.	Biology
We describe Real topological Hochschild homology as such a Loday construction.	Mathematics
Earlier studies demonstrate a possibility of a uniform motion of a charge in a constant electric field over very long distances.	Biology
With the radar as the principal and the jammer as the agent, we design a PAP to optimize the radar's ECCM strategy in the presence of a jammer.	Economics
Diagrams enable the use of various algebraic and geometric tools for analysing and classifying knots.	Mathematics
In this paper, we navigate the intricate domain of reviewer rewards in open-access academic publishing, leveraging the precision of mathematics and the strategic acumen of game theory.	Economics
Online Peer to Peer Lending (P2PL) systems connect lenders and borrowers directly, thereby making it convenient to borrow and lend money without intermediaries such as banks.	Finance
The InP-based cell is estimated to yield 1.09 W/cm^2 at 1100 degrees C vs. 0.92 W/cm^2 for the GaAs-based cell, with efficiencies of 16.8 vs. 9.2%.	Physics
Automated data extraction from research texts has been steadily improving, with the emergence of large language models (LLMs) accelerating progress even further.	AI
Furthermore, we establish a post-hoc validation protocol to assess the practical significance of deep learning models in tackling vaccine design challenges.	Biology
Our study shows that interfacial premelting occurs on neutral substrates of whatever hydrophilicity, forming films of limited thickness for substrates with contact angles larger than ca.	Physics
In the first, the agent is conditioned on both the current and final goals, while in the second, it is conditioned on the next two goals in the sequence.	AI
Consequently, growth rates under a social planner and a decentralized equilibrium differ, which is novel in the literature and has policy implications.	Economics
The dynamic nature of proteins, influenced by ligand interactions, is essential for comprehending protein function and progressing drug discovery.	Biology
Based on our evaluations, we discover many interesting implications of our evaluations of this stability measure, and derive topological properties and parameters combinations that may be used to flag the network as a possible fragile network.	Finance
Recently, geometric deep learning, especially Graph Neural Networks, has shown promising performance in molecular science applications.	Biology
The presence of a tax system combined with a redistribution process is taken into account, as well as the occurrence of tax evasion.	Finance
This platform also achieves a sizable single-photon optomechanical coupling rate of approximately 20 Hz.	Physics
Through comparison with path homology theory, we derive a homotopy-like equivalence relation on digraph maps such that equivalent maps induce identical maps on the homology of the directed flag complex.	Mathematics
This estimate -- which we propose as a shadow banking index -- compares well with estimates of the Financial Stability Board until 2009, but it shows a sharper rise in shadow banking activity after 2010.	Finance
At the same time, the article considers possible mechanisms that lead to an improvement in the quality of the surface layers of GaAs.	Physics
MOCO comprehensively leverages multiple featurizations that complement each other and outperforms existing state-of-the-art models that solely relies on one or two featurizations on a wide range of molecular property prediction tasks.	Biology
The films are antireflective, omniphobic, and photoactive becoming super-hydrophilic subjected to UV light irradiation The supported percolated nanoporous structure can be used as an electron-conducting electrode in perovskite solar cells.	Physics
Moreover, we present the fundamental concepts of algebraic topology, including exact and short exact sequences and relative homology groups derived from quotienting with subspaces of a topological space.	Mathematics
We plan to use Rzk to formalize further results from $\infty$-category theory, such as the theory of limits and colimits and adjunctions.	Mathematics
We investigate the stability of persistence diagrams \( D \) under non-uniform scaling transformations \( S \) in \( \mathbb{R}^n \).	Mathematics
Sections 0, 1, and 2 constitute an overview and summary of the paper.	Mathematics
Allowing the agent to send a message before seeing the data increases the set of decision rules that can be implemented, and allows the principal to leverage agent expertise.	Economics
We show that EPO significantly improves performance across diverse and challenging environments, demonstrating superior scalability with parallelized simulations.	AI
Results show that Mo grown at 700{\deg}C on epitaxial AlN exhibit low surface roughness, large average grain diameter, low resistivity, and high crystal quality.	Physics
This study investigates the impact of 2022 World Cup matches on the dynamic performance of each team's fan token.	Finance
The COVID-19 pandemic has initiated a global health emergency, with an exigent need for effective cure.	Biology
IntentRec4Maps uses the Google Maps Platform as the real-world interactive map, and a very effective approach for recognising users' intentions in real-time.	AI
In this paper we prove the conjecture claiming that, over a flexible field, isotropic Chow groups coincide with numerical Chow groups (with ${\Bbb{F}}_p$-coefficients).	Mathematics
We conduct an empirical study using the quantile-based correlation function to uncover the temporal dependencies in financial time series.	Finance
If the plan participant has access to an external asset with a higher expected rate of return than the investment funds and indices that are available within the retirement account, then he must decide how long to wait before exercising the loan option.	Finance
XPCI's main application has been so far focused on medical areas at relatively low energies (< 100 keV).	Physics
This article presents XGB-Chiarella, a powerful new approach for deploying agent-based models to generate realistic intra-day artificial financial price data.	Finance
In this paper, we establish a theoretical framework that enables independent control of dispersion while preserving peak positions and modality using the Chemical Fokker-Planck Equation (CFPE) and sharpness, a measure of probability concentration around individual peaks.	Biology
Finally we empirically validate superior performance of our models on several graph classification and regression benchmarks.	Mathematics
We give an introduction to the theory of 2-Segal sets, and two of the main applications of them: Hall algebras and a discrete version of Waldhausen's $S_\bullet$-construction.	Mathematics
Remarkably, in the high (~660) dimensional feature space of the deep neural networks, the reaction coordinate becomes effectively linear, in line with Cover's theorem and consistent with the idea of dominant reaction tubes.	Biology
We present two views of the dataset: one with overlapping camera locations and one with disjoint locations.	AI
Models based on machine learning can enable accurate and fast molecular property predictions, which is of interest in drug discovery and material design.	Biology
However, high-Q resonances in metasurfaces are usually achieved in the reflection mode, which impedes metasurface integration into compact imaging systems.	Physics
We propose a novel data-based approach for firms facing unknown consumer type distributions.	Economics
Single-molecule force spectroscopy (smFS) is a powerful approach to studying molecular self-organization.	Biology
Such methods do not apply to problems where the observer has the ability to perform adversarial interventions to impede the path planning agent.	AI
However, absolute value measurement of turbulence amplitude has not been conducted owing to the nonlinearity of the detector.	Physics
Here, we present a passive approach to flow control using embedded phononic metamaterials to alter vortex instability development, without changing the outer-surface's texture, roughness or compliance.	Physics
Capillarity-driven transport in nanoporous solids is widespread in nature and crucial for modern liquid-infused engineering materials.	Physics
For a bundle $(t,q)\in [0,\infty[\times [0,1]=\mathbb{Z}$, $q$ refers to the winning probability of an object, and $t$ denotes the payment that the buyer makes.	Economics
However, despite the explosion of recent efforts in this area, there remains an urgent need for a comprehensive survey offering a systemic understanding.	AI
This structured representation not only improves FV but also paves the way for future research in tasks like code generation and design understanding.	AI
Learning-based methods, such as Constrained Reinforcement Learning (CRL), achieve strong performance but lack formal safety guarantees due to safety being enforced as soft constraints, limiting their use in safety-critical settings.	AI
In this work, we integrate Permutation Invariant Vector (PIV) featurizations with autoencoding neural networks to learn nonlinear CVs invariant to translation, rotation, and permutation, and perform interleaved rounds of CV discovery and enhanced sampling to iteratively expand sampling of configurational phase space and obtain converged CVs and free energy landscapes.	Biology
Here for the first time, we report the synthesis of centimeter-scale films of densely packed and aligned single-enantiomer chiral CNTs that exhibit micro-fabrication compatibility.	Physics
However, not many studies can be found on whether these objective parameters correlate to the perception of annoyance reduction.	Physics
Silicon is a nonlinear material and optics based on silicon makes use of these nonlinearities to realize various functionalities required for on-chip communications.	Physics
The seller holds a set of priors around some reference belief, interpreted as an approximating model of the true probability law or the focal point distribution.	Economics
Stable Voting satisfies this principle while also having a remarkable ability to avoid tied outcomes in elections even with small numbers of voters.	Economics
Our benchmark encompasses four graph categories: knowledge graphs, flowcharts, mind maps, and route maps,with each graph group accompanied by three progressively challenging instruction-response pairs.	AI
Commodity trading advisors (CTAs), who mainly trade commodity futures, showed good returns in the 2000s.	Finance
The relational database design would output a schema based on user's requirements, which defines table structures and their interrelated relations.	AI
Nowadays, financial data analysis is becoming increasingly important in the business market.	Finance
This is achieved using a novel $t$-structure on the category of $E$-synthetic spectra and a specific construction of $\mathbf{F}_p$- and BP-synthetic lifts of $\mathrm{j}$. These synthetic lifts then easily produce modified Adams and Adams--Novikov spectral sequences for $\mathrm{j}$ which we use the prove the above detection statement, all without ever calculating $\mathbf{F}_p$- or BP-homology nor the associated Ext groups.	Mathematics
The traditional way to group customers in securities or futures companies is simply based on their assets.	Finance
As a result, the enhancement of nonlinear processes comes at the cost of their local control as needed for nonlinear wavefront shaping, imaging and holography.	Physics
Segment Anything Models (SAMs), as vision foundation models, have demonstrated remarkable performance across various image analysis tasks.	AI
The point is that this construction of Hermitian forms requires of the ambient linear type theory nothing further than a negative unit term of tensor unit type.	Mathematics
We then utilize CMA-ES, a naive black-box and gradient free search algorithm, over MolMIM's latent space for the task of property guided molecule optimization.	Biology
As generative systems become pervasive in this domain, responsible design is crucial.	AI
Such directionality of light output is important in improving collection efficiencies along the directions where detectors are located.	Physics
By fabricating a nanohole array metasurface on a thin LN film and applying an electric field, we demonstrate the alteration of the material's refractive index, resulting in resonance shifts and modulation of SHG intensity at specific wavelengths.	Physics
We show some preliminary results that are promising to explore further in this direction	Finance
In this work, we introduce Saturn, which leverages the Augmented Memory algorithm and demonstrates the first application of the Mamba architecture for generative molecular design.	Biology
Income tax systems with pass-through entities transfer a firm's incomes to the shareholders, which are taxed individually.	Finance
Using municipal leaders' working experience to measure the political network, we find that this network reduces the bond issuance yield spreads by improving the credit ratings of the issuer, the local government financing vehicle.	Finance
We conclude by discussing the available design tools and highlighting emerging challenges in the development of shape-morphing metamaterials.	Physics
We propose two algorithms for learning Inverse Flows, Inverse Flow Matching (IFM) and Inverse Consistency Model (ICM).	AI
Empirically, deviations from these prices in crypto are larger than in traditional currency markets, comove across currencies, and diminish over time.	Finance
Extending recent work of Galatius--Kupers--Randal-Williams and Kupers--Miller--Patzt, we prove that the sequence of general linear groups $\operatorname{GL}_n(R)$ satisfies slope-$1$ homological stability with $\mathbb{Z}[1/2]$-coefficients.	Mathematics
The Olympic Games are the largest, highest-profile, and most expensive megaevent hosted by cities and nations.	Finance
However, processing the sparse and noisy point clouds remains a long-standing challenge.	AI
We conduct extensive experiments on the EMMA, Olympiad, and MathVista datasets, achieving promising results that outperform the current SOTA model by 15.84% across all tasks.	AI
Using the GSM8K dataset as a controlled testbed, we evaluate how well state-of-the-art models maintain logical consistency and correctness when confronted with four categories of prompt perturbations: irrelevant context, pathological instructions, factually relevant but non-essential context, and a combination of the latter two.	AI
Although selling all consumers' data may decrease total firm profits, there exist other selling mechanisms -- in which only some consumers' data is sold -- that render both firms better off.	Economics
We advocate for the untapped potential of TDA in this domain and encourage continued exploration and research.	Mathematics
In the environment under study, preferences are convex if and only if they are single peaked.	Economics
Through the application of these theorems and algorithms to the Eterna100 puzzles, we demonstrate the ability to efficiently establish that 15 of the puzzles indeed fall within the category of undesignable structures.	Biology
We trained on the Mega-Scale cDNA proteolysis dataset and achieved state-of-the-art performance on single and higher-order mutations on S669, ProTherm, and ProteinGym datasets.	Biology
A deprecation method is formulated within, which aims to better match book value with intrinsic value.	Finance
This new formulation is motivated by concrete problems in decision theory, robust optimization, and risk management, and it has many distinct features compared to the classic theory.	Economics
Defining this correspondence involves interpreting the coproducts geometrically in terms of zonotopal tilings, which allows us to give conceptual proofs of their properties and show that all reasonable coproducts arise from our construction.	Mathematics
Aerocapture uses atmospheric drag to decelerate spacecraft and achieve orbit insertion.	Physics
This ratio is the best possible, as it represents the integrality gap of the natural LP for edge cover problems.	Economics
This note reviews the cases $E = H,K$ and $MU$, with special attention to $\lambda$-ring structures.	Mathematics
By assigning a threshold value of the cross-correlation coefficient, we obtain the threshold networks.	Finance
Furthermore, we propose an additional transform which defines a better-response-invariant distance metric and embedding.	Economics
The different types of response of the drain current are classified, and we discuss the significance for synaptic operation in neuromorphic circuits.	Physics
Rabi splitting is a quantum phenomenon induced by a strong interaction between two quantum states, and its optical analogues are of fundamental importance for the manipulation of light-matter interactions with wide applications in optoelectronics and nonlinear optics.	Physics
General Equilibrium Theory proves that at least one state of equilibrium always exists.	Economics
This work highlights perovskite:organic blends as promising systems for use in LEDs, while the use of SAM HILs creates new opportunities toward simpler and more stable PeLEDs.	Physics
Instead, we show how by varying the distance function on the underlying space and analysing the corresponding shifts in the persistence diagrams, we can extract additional topological and geometrical information.	Mathematics
We also consider the possibility that institution members may be corrupt and subject to bribery, and we analyze how often an institution must be audited to prevent bribery.	Economics
Popular alignment methods, such as Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback, have shown significant success in guiding models with greater control.	AI
Here, we utilise spatially resolved photoluminescence measurements of CdSe$_{x}$Te$_{1-x}$ thin films on glass to study the effects of Se on carrier recombination in the material, isolated from the impact of conductive interfaces and without the need to prepare cross-sections through the samples.	Physics
This model can accommodate binary trading as well as the whole system-side trading thus making it more suitable to explain the non-standard features of wealth distribution as well as firm size distribution.	Finance
Such MEC was not observed for higher substitution which emphasizes the sensitivity of the structural properties on substitution.	Physics
Traditional methods in data analysis often look at direct connections between input variables, which can miss out on the more complicated relationships within the data.	AI
Unfortunately, there are not as many naturally occurring peptides available to be sequenced and therefore less peptide-specific data to train with.	Biology
The choice of poverty line appears to impact the dynamics, with higher poverty lines corresponding to lower transitions and higher persistence probabilities.	Finance
We present a new approach for analyzing the complex highly anisotropic 2-dimensional SAXS patterns of the pores by reducing the analysis to two orthogonal 1-dimensional slices of the data.	Physics
This paper expands upon this by describing both the ring structure and the Steenrod-algebra structure of the cohomology of the multiparametric models.	Mathematics
A $G$-Tambara functor can be defined as a product-preserving functor $\mathcal{P}_G \to \mathsf{Set}$ (satisfying one additional condition), where $\mathcal{P}_G$ is a category that is constructed in a straightforward way from the category of finite $G$-sets.	Mathematics
The framework operates in five parts: (1) decide on a measurement time horizon, such as the standard 82-game NBA regular season; (2) calculate the novel game contribution percentage (GCP) measure we propose, which is a single game summary statistic that sums to unity for each competing team and is comprised of traditional, playtype, hustle, box outs, defensive, tracking, and rebounding per game NBA statistics; (3) estimate the single game value (SGV) of each regular season NBA game using a standard currency conversion calculation; (4) multiply the SGV by the vector of realized GCPs to obtain a series of realized per-player single season cash flows; and (5) use the player salary as an initial investment to perform the traditional ROI calculation.	Finance
We prove that the space of algebraic maps between two smooth projective varieties, under certain conditions, admit a configuration space model, thereby obtaining an algebro-geometric analogue of Bendersky-Gitler's result on topological function spaces.	Mathematics
This scenario is preferable to current central bank strategies of quantitative easing because it allows the disposal of debt without hyperinflation or bloated balance sheets.	Finance
In this paper, we first introduce ACNet, a large-scale dataset for AC prediction.	Biology
We demonstrate this method for delivery to 3 different cell types and the screening of 90 natural product extracts on a microarray covering an area of less than 0.1 cm2.	Biology
Task arithmetic has emerged as a promising approach for editing models by representing task-specific knowledge as composable task vectors.	AI
Furthermore, we expand the potential of our findings by demonstrating how temporal knowledge can be edited by adjusting the values of these heads.	AI
Recent advancements in non-Hermitian physics have revealed boundary-condition-sensitive band structures, characterized by a continuous manifold of complex-valued momentum known as the generalized Brillouin zone (GBZ).	Physics
Higher order Lame modes were found to have consistently higher Q factors than their Rayleigh mode counterpart, on the order of 1000-3000, showing high-frequency SAW devices as still viable candidates for frequency scaling without a substantial increase in loss.	Physics
It explains the mechanism of Malthusian stagnation, which did not exist and it explains the mechanism of the transition from stagnation to growth that did not happen.	Finance
In this work, we propose a hyperbolic generative network in which we design novel architecture and layers to improve stability in training.	Biology
However, real-time acquisition of high-resolution melt pool images in particular remains computationally demanding in practice due to the high variability of melt pool morphologies and the limitation of data caching and transfer, making it challenging to detect the local lack-of-fusion (LOF) defect occurrences.	Physics
This survey aims to provide a comprehensive overview of RAG by examining its fundamental components, including retrieval mechanisms, generation processes, and the integration between the two.	AI
Notably, our method can recover up to 16/37 EGFR and 37/58 DRD2 known drugs while screening only 6% of the library, showcasing its potential to significantly advance drug discovery.	Biology
We calibrate the model by using Italian experience on COVID-19 epidemic and we discuss policy implications.	Economics
This rich structure carries more information than just the structure of cohomology algebra, particularly it allows to define cohomologies of the loop space.	Mathematics
Conversely, static glidepaths are fixed at a starting point and selected under the assumption that they will not change.	Finance
Under high magnetic fields there are high electro-mechanical forces, and thus concern for mechanical damage.	Physics
Although the ratio of the gambler's wealth to that of an equivalent buy-and-hold investor is a submartingale (always expected to increase), his realized compound growth rate converges in mean square to $\nu$. This happens because the equilibrium leverage ratio converges to $1:1$ in lockstep with the gradual rise of margin loan interest rates.	Finance
However, the permutation-equivariance requirement of MLFFs limits the design space of CG transform, that is, intensive CG transform has to be conducted for each neighboring edge and the operations should be performed in the same manner for all edges.	Biology
In this context, we ask what it means to adjudge an allocation as efficient.	Economics
We consider the three-dimensional diffraction case in general, where the incidence plane is un-parallel with the grating vector, i.e. conical diffraction.	Physics
During the electron irradiation step, high-resolution imaging allows real-time tracking of the nanopore formation process, enabling the highest level of control.	Physics
This paper introduces the Procedural Content Generation Benchmark for evaluating generative algorithms on different game content creation tasks.	AI
During an epidemic, the information available to individuals in the society deeply influences their belief of the epidemic spread, and consequently the preventive measures they take to stay safe from the infection.	Economics
For this challenge, participants submitted algorithms for pricing and demand learning of which the numerical performance was analyzed in simulated market environments.	Finance
In particular, it suggests a construction of a $q$-Hodge filtration on $q$-de Rham complexes in certain situations, which can be used to construct a functorial derived $q$-Hodge complex for many rings.	Mathematics
Structural phylogenetic analysis shows evolutionary links between the generated samples and their protein family members.	Biology
These properties -- including absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion and toxicity (ADMET) -- are essential to model compound behaviour, activity and interactions in the organism.	Biology
Notably, we demonstrate that our ensembles outperform AlphaFold3 and sometimes better fit experimental data than publicly deposited structures to the Protein Data Bank (PDB).	Biology
From the mathematical point of view, we develop a methodology to deal with the possible non-Markovianity and non-semimartingality of the control problem, which can no longer be directly solved by means of the usual Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation.	Finance
In this work, two localized models based on the Jones polynomial, namely the multiscale Jones polynomial and the persistent Jones polynomial, are proposed.	Biology
In the case where the underlying context is globular we give an explicit description of the cone and conjecture that an analogous description continues to hold also for general contexts.	Mathematics
Here in this article, a linear relationship has been established between Eu and the proportional parameter (k), where k is determined as the ratio of the intensity of specific Raman mode (I) and q2, explaining the disorders' effect on Raman line shape.	Physics
We introduce the notion of an $L_{\infty}$-bialgebra structure on a vector space.	Mathematics
Managing data storage growth is of crucial importance to businesses.	Finance
In this work, we introduce a new approach that uses a specific coupling value as prior knowledge, and Hankel property of exponential NMR signal to achieve the broadband heteronuclear decoupling using the low-rank method.	Biology
The relation between the phase angle and circular polarization stemming from macromolecular assemblies, such as in vegetation, however, remained unclear.	Biology
We next examine efficient dynamic mechanisms: We establish the uniqueness of Groves mechanism and investigate budget balance of the dynamic pivot mechanism in some detail for a bilateral trading environment.	Economics
Counterfactual explanations provide actionable insights to achieve desired outcomes by suggesting minimal changes to input features.	AI
More broadly, our result may be the first formal proof that it is possible for an agent to obtain high reward while becoming self-sufficient in an unknown, unbounded, and high-stakes environment without causing catastrophe or requiring resets.	AI
We construct, for all $g\geq 2$ and $n\geq 0$, a spectral sequence of rational $S_n$-representations which computes the $S_n$-equivariant reduced rational cohomology of the tropical moduli spaces of curves $\Delta_{g,n}$ in terms of compactly supported cohomology groups of configuration spaces of $n$ points on graphs of genus $g$. Using the canonical $S_n$-equivariant isomorphisms $\widetilde{H}^{i-1}(\Delta_{g,n};\mathbb{Q})	Mathematics
This is particularly apparent in countries that have been stricken hard by the virus, with Italy being a major example.	Finance
We construct almost embeddings realizing some values of these invariants.	Mathematics
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study employing LLMs in data pricing and a pioneering data trading practice in the field of intelligent vehicles and smart cities.	Physics
We also discuss the role of lending pools in the broader context of decentralized finance.	Finance
A study of the behaviour of the BIA parameters evolution over time with respect to the first visit was performed.	Physics
These challenges are underrepresented in previous benchmarks but frequently occur in real-world tasks.	AI
We consider a group of agents who can each take an irreversible costly action whose payoff depends on an unknown state.	Economics
We show that under several conditions, there exists a solution to the original problem if and only if the value function solves the Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation.	Economics
Possible approaches to verify and improve the model to further understanding of the molecular mechanism for torque generation in BFM are also discussed.	Biology
The source codes of ESM-AA are publicly released at https://github.com/zhengkangjie/ESM-AA.	Biology
For Vietoris-Rips filtration, inter-ROI Wasserstein distance matrices between persistent diagrams are used for classification, while graph filtration relies on the top ten most persistent homology features.	Mathematics
Specifically, it is built upon the Takagi-Sugeno-Kang fuzzy system (TSK-FS) to initially map input data to a high-dimensional fuzzy feature space through the antecedent part of the TSK-FS.	AI
Here, we demonstrate edge detection imaging by leveraging a quasi-BIC in an all-dielectric metasurface.	Physics
We developed a Monte Carlo procedure to increase the shape complementarity between the antibody paratope and a given epitope on a target protein surface.	Biology
For almost all combinations of modules, supervised learning outperforms reinforcement learning.	AI
It performs feature selection from up to billions of candidates obtained from several primary features by applying a set of mathematical operators.	Physics
The evaluation of smart contract reputability is essential to foster trust in decentralized ecosystems.	AI
Specifically, we introduce Mixture-of-Domain-Experts (MoDE) to handle the biomolecules from diverse biochemical domains and Mixture-of-Structure-Experts (MoSE) to capture positional dependencies in the molecular structures.	Biology
Future work could incorporate structural data and diverse viral strains to further refine prediction capabilities.	Biology
This showcases the versatility of the GrapE system in EG growth.	Physics
We characterize the outcomes resulting from all possible commitment structures of this kind.	Economics
This paper examines the integration process of the Japanese major rice markets (Tokyo and Osaka) from 1881 to 1932.	Finance
CodeSwift constructs a multi-source datastore, providing access to both general and project-specific knowledge, facilitating the retrieval of high-quality draft sequences.	AI
As the main application, for May's multiplicative infinite loop space machine from bipermutative categories to either E-infinity ring spaces or E-infinity ring spectra, multiplicatively strong symmetric bimonoidal functors can be replaced by strict symmetric bimonoidal functors.	Mathematics
Methods: Fluorescence correlation spectroscopy (FCS) measurements were performed on 24 blood samples-derived EVs.	Biology
In ranking allocations of goods for a fixed society of agents, sufficientarianism posits that allocations are compared according to the number of individuals whose consumption is deemed sufficient.	Economics
The matching distance between persistent Betti numbers functions (or rank invariants), is among the most studied metrics in this context, particularly in 2-parameter persistence.	Mathematics
Experimentally, InBrainSyn can also model neuroanatomical transitions between normal aging and AD.	AI
These factors support the acquisition by humanity of better and more complex forms of life.	Finance
Code generation is a latency-sensitive task that demands high timeliness, but the autoregressive decoding mechanism of Large Language Models (LLMs) leads to poor inference efficiency.	AI
The FCOJ future price volatility is high because the world's orange production is concentrated in a few places, which results in extreme sensitivity to weather and disease.	Finance
As a further contribution, SHAP analysis justified sensor reduction without performance loss, ensuring a lightweight setup.	AI
Along the way, we develop families of factorization systems for $(\infty,n)$-categories, enriched $\infty$-categories, and $\infty$-operads, which may be of independent interest.	Mathematics
Overall, I document significant benefits from the decision to engage with activists at these companies.	Finance
The implemented sensing framework consists of a probabilistic search model, motion control system, and computer vision object detection.	AI
For example, RMM shows more than 10% accuracy improvement over the baseline without memory management on the LongMemEval dataset.	AI
Regarding the structural quality of the AlN NWs, STEM measurements reveal the formation of extended columnar regions, which grow with a virtually perfect metal-polarity wurtzite arrangement and with extended defects only sporadically observed.	Physics
We have modified the existing protein conditioning used by GFlowNets, blending geometric information from both protein and ligand embeddings to achieve more geometrically consistent embeddings.	Biology
Powered by deep reinforcement learning, LambdaZero learns to search over the vast space of molecules to discover candidates with a desired property.	Biology
The potential impact of this research lies in developing more robust MEMS flow sensors with enhanced sensitivity and a better understanding of their response to environmental factors, which could have broader applications in fields such as aerospace, environmental monitoring, and industrial process control.	Physics
Future research should focus on in vivo studies and clinical translation to further validate the potential of HANs in cancer therapy as drug carrier.	Biology
Energy, the new variable, is depleted during the production process and has to be renewed, whereas capital grows with production and decreases from depreciation.	Economics
The study of differential forms that are closed but not exact reveals important information about the global topology of a manifold, encoded in the de Rham cohomology groups $H^k(M)$, named after Georges de Rham (1903-1990).	Mathematics
Thus we address the problem of unknown species classification by assigning it best hierarchical labels.	AI
These results presents excellent perspectives of this optical vortex and potential applications in optical manipulation, optical microscopy and optics communications, optical metrology, among others.	Physics
Successful organizations work to tip the balance towards smart by (a) introducing elements of smart scale-up into existing ventures and (b) starting new, fully smart-scaled ventures, to make themselves less dumb and ever smarter.	Finance
While many schemes claim robustness, these claims are typically tested in isolation and against a limited set of attacks.	AI
We define an $n$-dimensional persistent disease module as a higher-order generalization of the largest connected component (LCC).	Mathematics
Here, a major advancement is achieved through continuous-wave (CW) visible light (405 nm and 520 nm) trimming of plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (PECVD) silicon-rich nitride (SRN) waveguides.	Physics
Using detailed statistical analyses of the size distribution of a universe of equity exchange-traded funds (ETFs), we discover a discrete hierarchy of sizes, which imprints a log-periodic structure on the probability distribution of ETF sizes that dominates the details of the asymptotic tail.	Finance
Furthermore, we validate the feasibility of integrating VCEC with the SOT current control, offering an additional dimension for magnetic state manipulation.	Physics
In this theory, nondegenerate critical points have two indices: a quadratic index (as in classical Morse Theory), and a piecewise linear index (that relates to the notion of bottlenecks).	Mathematics
Entangled photon pairs are an important resource for quantum cryptography schemes that go beyond point-to-point communication.	Physics
However, these progressions have also ushered in novel obstacles-specifically, the efficient annotation of extensive, long-tailed single-cell data pertaining to disease conditions.	AI
Firstly, we study the (co)homology of new families of diagram algebras such as the blob algebras and the walled Brauer algebras, both of which exhibit new phenomena in the field.	Mathematics
Furthermore, it explores the benefits of extending the system to include PubChem and outlines a corresponding implementation strategy.	Biology
Results: The dose per decay decreased much more rapidly for a sphere in the proximal strand than for the DNA cylinder.	Biology
We solve a regularized weighted low-rank approximation problem by a stochastic gradient descent on a manifold.	AI
Through this analysis, we show that our model can not only replicate real-world mortgage studies but also act as a tool for conducting a broad range of what-if scenario analyses.	Finance
We describe a new small cyclic operad model QBV for the dg dual operad of the Batalin-Vilkovisky operad.	Mathematics
The analysis integrates a forward scattering model to achieve blood flow estimation.	Physics
Speculative decoding accelerates inference in large language models (LLMs) by generating multiple draft tokens simultaneously.	AI
Increased data gathering capacity, together with the spread of data analytics techniques, has prompted an unprecedented concentration of information related to the individuals' preferences in the hands of a few gatekeepers.	Finance
In addition, Blackwell's Theorem delivers a number of finer-grained insights into the nature of statistical discrimination.	Economics
Our experiments reveal that while current SBDD models achieve high Vina scores, they fall short in practical usability metrics, highlighting a significant gap between theoretical predictions and real-world applicability.	Biology
Additionally, we show results for how InfoCORE offers a versatile framework and resolves general distribution shifts and issues of data fairness by minimizing correlation with spurious features or removing sensitive attributes.	Biology
This growing risk highlights the urgent need for a real-world benchmark to evaluate the ability of LLM agents to exploit web application vulnerabilities.	AI
Our construction provides homotopical analogues of quaternionic homology, symmetric homology, braid homology, and hyperoctahedral homology defined by Fiedorowicz--Loday.	Mathematics
Building a benchmark for real-world vulnerabilities involves both specialized expertise to reproduce exploits and a systematic approach to evaluating unpredictable threats.	AI
They appear in numerous contexts in geometry, topology and physics.	Mathematics
This review explores recent progress in silicon-integrated hybrid-mode plasmonic devices, highlighting the potential of transparent conductive oxides like indium tin oxide for low-loss and tunable operation.	Physics
While we demonstrate that the Doctor-Proposing Deferred Acceptance (DA) Mechanism remains not obviously manipulable, we show that the Hospital-Proposing DA Mechanism and any efficient mechanism that Pareto-dominates the Doctor-Proposing DA Mechanism become (very) obviously manipulable, in the model with contracts.	Economics
Equilibrium amount of learning is excessive, and a deadline on adopting the project is often optimal.	Economics
A search for takeoffs from stagnation to growth produced negative results.	Finance
Our method can characterize static large antenna systems with many and/or embedded ports, but also reconfigurable wave systems; it may further enable wireless sensing in indoor surveillance, non-destructive testing, and bioelectronics.	Physics
Some orientations aimed at reducing the possible impact of the numerous GPs for people suffering from non-celiac gluten sensitivity (NCGS) were proposed.	Biology
Often, the DM must also learn about or pay attention to the state; in applied work on this subject, a convenient assumption is that the costs of such learning are linearly dependent in the distribution over posterior means.	Economics
In these cases, levying taxes such as personal income tax or value added tax can be ineffective or effective.	Finance
Such an approach can facilitate the interpretation of the results as the predictions characterized by high rate of uncertainty are automatically detected.	Biology
We develop a theory of weighted colimits in the framework of weakly bienriched $\infty$-categories, an extension of Lurie's notion of enriched $\infty$-categories.	Mathematics
Our primary objective is to bridge this healthcare gap by developing a comprehensive diagnostic system capable of accurately predicting retinal diseases solely from fundus images.	AI
We therefore introduce a notion of utilitarianism for discrete-choice settings which applies to \textit{social choice functions}, which describe the actions of society, rather than social welfare functions which describe society's preferences (as in Harsanyi).	Economics
Our design not only advances the machine-learning-based development of metamaterials but also has the potential to significantly reduce carbon emissions and contribute to the goal of achieving carbon neutrality.	Physics
Detecting and tracking multiple unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in thermal infrared video is inherently challenging due to low contrast, environmental noise, and small target sizes.	AI
In particular, we investigate the question of how to conduct finite sample inference on the parameters given an adaptive lasso model for some fixed value of the shrinkage parameter.	Finance
A van der Waals heterostructure containing an atomically thin monolayer transition-metal dichalcogenide as a single-photon emitting layer is emerging as an intriguing solid-state quantum-photonic platform.	Physics
Since the strength and persistence of hyperactive behavior are directly correlated to dopamine output, this study shows that higher glucose intake is associated with more hyperactivity, for both the intensity({\Delta}V) and persistence.	Biology
The state of the art for the spin-wave directional couplers consists mostly of macroscopic waveguides or two-dimensional planar systems.	Physics
It further satisfies useful economic properties of first-price auctions that come with a pure-bidding policy.	Economics
To facilitate the integration of multi-modal molecular data, we propose GIT-Former, a novel architecture that is capable of aligning all modalities into a unified latent space.	Biology
We also propose a novel method to evaluate the accuracy and efficiency of agent decisions with dynamic decision trees.	AI
We construct a new type of spectral sequences for the mixed Hodge structures on the cohomology of locally symmetric varieties.	Mathematics
Joining with the upward trend of Global Foreign direct investment and FDI in emerging economies and emerging Asian economies, FDI to Vietnam, especially M&As have increased significantly in both numbers and value of deals from 1995 to 2015...	Finance
Longer timelines and lower success rates of drug candidates limit the productivity of clinical trials in the pharmaceutical industry.	Biology
With the increasing use of black-box Machine Learning (ML) techniques in critical applications, there is a growing demand for methods that can provide transparency and accountability for model predictions.	Mathematics
Here, we demonstrate precision tuning of the maximum $|0\rangle\rightarrow |1\rangle$ transition frequency ($f_{01}^{\rm max}$) of tunable transmon qubits by performing ABAA at room temperature using commercially available test equipment.	Physics
Riehl and Shulman introduced simplicial type theory (STT), a variant of homotopy type theory which aimed to study not just homotopy theory, but its fusion with category theory: $(\infty,1)$-category theory.	Mathematics
The bounds depend on the structure of the type space.	Economics
Beyond imaging and sensing, this optoelectronic neuron array, with its rapid nonlinear modulation for processing incoherent broadband light, might also find applications in optical computing, where nonlinear activation functions that can work under ambient light conditions are highly sought.	Physics
This paper focuses on the liquidity difference between the two fundraising methods.	Finance
This microscopic description leads to a system of linear Boltzmann-type equations for the probability distributions of the goods on the two populations, in which the post-interaction variables depend from the pre-interaction ones in terms of the mean quantities of the goods present in the market.	Finance
We compared the performance of various classification approaches on tabular data versus a graph-based representation of the same data.	AI
However, the ANR impossibility -- there is no voting rule that satisfies anonymity, neutrality, and resolvability (always choosing one winner) -- holds even in the simple setting of two alternatives and two agents.	Economics
The Mather-Thurston Theorem forms a bridge between the results on the homotopy types of classifying spaces and the various homology and cohomology groups that are studied.	Mathematics
In the four-disc case, we find a non-contractible `thick braid' (loop in the configuration space), which contracts in the ordered configuration space of points when we replace each disc by its centre.	Mathematics
Furthermore, we demonstrate that their performance can be significantly enhanced through fine-tuning on a combination of original and synthetically generated data.	AI
It constitutes the summary of the author's work concerning the relations between cohomology rings of algebraic varieties and rings of functions on zero schemes and fixed point schemes.	Mathematics
Eventually, the combination of expectations both highly sensitive to exogenous conditions and highly reactive to variations in capital imply that large fluctuations of capital in the system, at the possible expense of the real economy.	Finance
As a proof of principle of our technique, we present an application to the sensing of coronavirus particles, which shows unprecedented limit of detection.	Physics
Building upon interpretability tools developed for single-modal models, we extend these methodologies to assess multi-modal interpretability of CLIP features.	AI
These complex dynamics results in a limited region with desired flow profile and turbulence level.	Physics
"Building upon the so-called dynamic programming approach in Cvitani\'c, Possama\""i, and Touzi"	Economics
Consequently, we focus on the different stages of the ML pipeline to identify the potential effects on ML end-users' autonomy.	AI
To this end, we propose a two-stage training approach, consisting of condition learning and condition optimization.	Biology
Datasets are implemented in a fully modular and reproducible manner, facilitating for community contributions and customization.	Biology
When individuals decide how much to invest in socialization, meetings through friends are first increasing and then decreasing in the arrival rate of direct offers.	Economics
Here we describe our efforts to efficiently deploy the AlphaFold2 program, for full-proteome structure prediction, at scale on the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility's resources, including the Summit supercomputer.	Biology
The evolution of the pandemic and people's concern over it have an impact on the Bitcoin market, while the extent of individualism could differentiate investor behaviors in the financial market during the pandemic.	Finance
Then we describe a Roegenian economic system like a Carnot group.	Finance
The lenders are also not willing to lend to such firms.	Finance
For a topological space X having the homotopy type of a finite complex we show an oriented Poincare duality structure (with local coefficients) on X is equivalent to a proper Calabi-Yau structure on the dg coalgebra of chains on X and to a smooth Calabi-Yau structure on the dg algebra of chains on the based loop space of X.	Mathematics
Experimental results on various benchmarks demonstrate that BIT achieves exceptional performance in downstream tasks, including binding affinity prediction, structure-based virtual screening, and molecular property prediction.	Biology
To do this, we shift the emphasis in differential geometry from the tangent bundle onto the pair groupoid.	Mathematics
Our main contribution is the Validity3D metric, evaluating the conformation quality using the likelihood of bond lengths and valence angles based on reference values observed in the Cambridge Structural Database.	Biology
Several hierarchical reinforcement learning methods leverage planning to create a graph or sequences of intermediate goals, guiding a lower-level goal-conditioned (GC) policy to reach some final goals.	AI
OntoAligner provides a flexible architecture integrating existing lightweight OA techniques such as fuzzy matching but goes beyond by supporting contemporary methods with retrieval-augmented generation and large language models for OA.	AI
For the case of two alternatives, we extend existing results by proving that under very general assumptions, the uniform phantom mechanism is the only strategyproof mechanism that satisfies proportionality - a minimal notion of fairness introduced by Freeman et al. (2021).	Economics
Time differences of arrival allow for the location of the sound source.	Physics
We use the pseudocone formalism and $\Theta$ to develop a notion of equivariant trace with an eye towards the representation theory of $p$-adic groups.	Mathematics
2) Medical expert-guided evaluation design: We introduce a novel dataset that promote comprehensive and fair comparisons between paired and unpaired methods and includes a manual evaluation protocol by medical experts.	AI
We observe that this behavior is undesirable in many rank aggregation settings.	Economics
Additionally, we propose the use of metrics that capture molecule quality beyond local chemical valency constraints and towards higher-order structural motifs.	Biology
In spaces with a significant number of holes, where no continuous homotopy exist and the homotopic distance equals infinite, the discrete homotopic distance provides a meaningful classification by effectively ignoring smaller holes.	Mathematics
BitDecoding addresses these challenges with a Tensor Cores-Centric BitFusion Scheme that ensures data layout compatibility to enable high utilization of Tensor Cores.	AI
We show that being a join algebraic cycle is equivalent to have its associated Artin Gorenstein algebra isomorphic to the tensor product of the Artin Gorenstein algebras of each generating cycle.	Mathematics
These coalitions inherit a joint strategy set and seek to maximize collective payoffs.	Economics
In particular, expressions are generated for the impulse response of feed current and the radiated fields as well as the transient effective length.	Physics
The CBDC competes with commercial bank deposits as the household's source of liquidity.	Economics
However, naively plugging PH features into GNN layers always results in marginal improvement with low interpretability.	Mathematics
Our key insight is that we model this task as a sequence-to-sequence problem and fine-tune a video generation model to leverage its knowledge of consistent object generation across video frames.	AI
To bridge this gap, we introduce PASemiQA, a novel approach that jointly leverages text and relational information in semi-structured data to answer questions.	AI
However, the effectiveness of facilitation is often constrained by human factors such as limited experience and scalability.	AI
It is shown that the second SfS condition of 'maintaining a high funding ratio' dominates USS modelling to amplify gilt yield dependence, inflating the SfS liabilities beyond the regulatory requirements, and leading to excessive prudence.	Finance
We show that the dominance complex $\mathcal{D}(G)$ of a graph $G$ coincides with the combinatorial Alexander dual of the neighborhood complex $\mathcal{N}(\overline{G})$ of the complement of $G$. Using this, we obtain a relation between the chromatic number $\chi(G)$ of $G$ and the homology group of $\mathcal{D}(G)$. We also obtain several known results related to dominance complexes from well-known facts of neighborhood complexes.	Mathematics
We introduce the logistic model of consumption growth, which captures a negative feedback loop preventing an unlimited growth of consumption due to finite biophysical resources of our planet.	Finance
We contribute the Elliptic Data Set, a time series graph of over 200K Bitcoin transactions (nodes), 234K directed payment flows (edges), and 166 node features, including ones based on non-public data; to our knowledge, this is the largest labelled transaction data set publicly available in any cryptocurrency.	Finance
We provide a unified analysis of how dynamic information should be designed in optimal stopping problems: a principal controls the flow of information about a payoff relevant state to persuade an agent to stop at the right time, in the right state, and choose the right action.	Economics
This paper presents a financial competitiveness evaluation index system for Indian-listed real estate companies, covering profitability, solvency, and operational capacity.	Finance
Extensive experiments show that MAPE-PPI can scale to PPI prediction with millions of PPIs with superior trade-offs between effectiveness and computational efficiency than the state-of-the-art competitors.	Biology
To describe the growth and organization of different cities, we consider a model for resource utilization where many restaurants compete, as in a game, to attract customers using an iterative learning process.	Finance
Local conditions for the direct summands of a persistence module to belong to a certain class of indecomposables have been proposed in the 2-parameter setting, notably for the class of indecomposables called block modules, which plays a prominent role in levelset persistence.	Mathematics
In summary, this paper contributes to the field of AI for economics by offering an effective tool for modeling and solving macroeconomic policymaking issues.	Economics
Other known characterizations, for instance in terms of equivariant Borel cohomology, are also rederived from this.	Mathematics
To address these limitations, we present the Anchor-based Multimodal Embedding with Semantic Synchronization (A-MESS) framework.	AI
This paper extends the possibility to examine the underlying curvature of data through the lens of topology by using the Betti curves, tools of Persistent Homology, as key topological descriptors, building on the clique topology approach.	Mathematics
The distortion aggregates misspecifications across familiar sources independently of the number and nature of the novel sources the DM learns about.	Economics
This condition is not needed when sufficiently many vanilla options maturing at the horizon T are traded in the market.	Finance
Given a closed $n$-manifold, we consider the set of simple homotopy types of $n$-manifolds within its homotopy type, called its simple homotopy manifold set.	Mathematics
It should be noted, that analysis and control over the financial potential formation strategy, as well as the use of analysis results for specifying the strategic directions of the enterprise development, are of high importance.	Finance
It is true for $k \leqslant 3$ but unknown for $k \geqslant 4$.	Mathematics
Inspired by metrics used in the field of statistical shape analysis, which are based on minimizing energy functions over group actions, we define three new types of increasingly general interleaving distances.	Mathematics
The work presents the opinion on the impact of the approaches and recommendations of our country's legislation on international taxation on the business sector of Georgia to correct the current situation.	Finance
A.4.1] to fix a mistake made by Behrens, and prove it using the language of filtered spectra.	Mathematics
We quantify news novelty - changes in the distribution of news text - through an entropy measure, calculated using a recurrent neural network applied to a large news corpus.	Finance
Here, we employ state-of-the-art ab initio approaches to unveil the electron-phonon mechanisms responsible for the diminished transport properties of layered halide perovskites.	Physics
This study introduces the persona knowledge gap, the discrepancy between a model's internal understanding and the knowledge required for coherent, personalized conversations.	AI
We examine these results and counterexamples with a focus on noncommutative tori and noncommutative spheres, both in terms of computation and theory.	Mathematics
Moreover, this abelian action extends canonically to the entire profinite normal structure set.	Mathematics
These small stocks, largely originating from homogeneous investment strategies across the market, has unintentionally suppressed system resilience with the exclusive increment of individual risk tolerance.	Finance
The versatile technique can be applied to tailor reflectance and transmittance for any optical mode and wavelength.	Physics
Previous preclinical research has suggested scheduling bevacizumab in sequence with combination antiproliferatives could significantly improve clinical outcomes.	Biology
Yet, in practice, Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning (MARL) applications are usually constrained to small, homogeneous populations and remain computationally intensive.	Finance
Additionally, the variation in protein sizes often requires external modules for selecting suitable binding pockets, further impacting efficiency.	Biology
In comparison with previous work, more media sources and more dimensions of the interaction and of the language used are combined in a joint analysis.	Finance
In the case of the archived I-69 database, summary data was compiled in Oracle, while the unprocessed data was stored in SharePoint.	AI
This approach is based on a network model that describes the effect of overlapping portfolios.	Finance
The data has been generated from a real European roulette wheel from an on-line casino based in Riga, Latvia.	Finance
More importantly, the model predicts distinctive rotor and stator dynamics and their load dependence, which may be tested by future experiments.	Biology
Further, we provide additional data from a flood around the Elbe River, as an event with a pronounced distributional shift.	AI
Within-group aggregation of effort is best-shot, i.e., each group's performance is determined by the highest investment among its members.	Economics
Our finding reveals that advanced bandgap engineering can define k-space optical devices - such as Brillouin cavity, Bloch-Zener oscillator and k-gap amplifier - thereby enabling the coherent manipulation of semiconductor radiation and high harmonic generation in both semiconductor superlattices and artificial materials.	Physics
For efficiency, we model the conditional dependence between residues inside and outside of a CDR in a coarse-grained manner.	Biology
We discuss the policy implications of intervening in the organization of interconnections and system features, and stress how different network structures and node characteristics suggest different directions in order to promote complex and robust economic systems.	Finance
This culminates in a holistic evaluation on surface data of varying defect rates that enables us to quantify the severity of such defects.	Physics
This extension postulates that one lottery is preferred to another if the former is more likely to return a preferred outcome.	Economics
We also introduce a new algebraic tool in topology: the discontinuous homotopy groups.	Mathematics
The aggregated evaluations are then used to fill a ``collective'' knapsack.	Economics
We use three measures of income inequality: the Pareto index, the average income and the crossover income.	Finance
To fill this gap, we introduce a novel prediction model called OD-CED, which comprises an unsupervised space coarsening technique to alleviate data sparsity and an encoder-decoder architecture to capture both semantic and geographic dependencies.	AI
Overall, the new configuration enables better accuracy, as well as the reduction of the cell temperature, laser power, and further miniaturization of the sensing head.	Physics
We demonstrate a reliable manifestation of the influence of space weather on prices, discovered in the statistics of intervals between the price hikes and phase price asymmetry.	Finance
To achieve this, we present a textual environment, namely debug-gym, for developing LLM-based agents in an interactive coding setting.	AI
Here, we improve the original projection method to simulate quasi-static hypo-elastoplasticity, by making three improvements.	Physics
In vivo in infection, virions are constantly produced and die rapidly.	Biology
Especially, we consider the competition between two distances, namely, the distance between house and center, and the distance between house and office.	Finance
In this paper, we respect the discrete-time nature of training trajectories and investigate the underlying topological quantities that can be amenable to topological data analysis tools.	Mathematics
We provide a formalization of our system and use it to show that the properties of blockchains: consistency, agreement, liveness, and determinism are maintained.	AI
Through an exploratory feasibility study and focus group evaluation with speech and language pathologists (SLPs), we assessed Speak Ease's potential to enable expressivity in AAC.	AI
We find that relative contribution of RSM and PTE to the photoresponse is strongly frequency dependent.	Physics
This type of attack is called a code poisoning attack (also known as a backdoor attack).	AI
Despite this progress, the potential of Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) models for frame detection remains under-explored.	AI
This may lead to the occurrence of multiscale dynamics and energy transfers in the system.	Physics
This challenge has been recently addressed by learning a lower-dimensional encoding of a SMILE or graph representation of a molecule in an unsupervised manner and then performing BO in the encoded space.	Biology
We further use this perspective to study the fate of higher-form symmetries in the context of holographic large $M$ averaging where the topological sectors of different large $M$ replicas become dressed by additional extended operators associated with the SymTree.	Mathematics
Namely, less than 2.2 percent of future uncertainty of any cryptocurrency is sourced from all non-crypto assets combined, while the joint contribution of all digital assets to non-crypto uncertainty does not exceed 1.5 percent.	Finance
Our methods focus on test-time refinement strategies that incur minimal computational cost and do not use expensive ab initio reference labels.	Biology
Buyers who do not get the seller's good will compete in the competitor's subsequent auction.	Economics
Counterexamples to such cyclotomic hyperdescent for $T(n+1)$-localized $K$-theory were constructed by Burklund, Hahn, Levy and the third author, thereby disproving the telescope conjecture.	Mathematics
We further explore proposed theorems outlining how ethical reasoners should operate, offering a foundation for practical implementation.	AI
However, up until now, the application of UQ for stochastic SOT devices remains unexplored.	Physics
The homology of this complex has been successful in applications as a topological invariant for digraphs.	Mathematics
The original research question here is given by marketers in general, i.e., how to explain the changes in the desired timescale of the market.	Finance
On the other hand, Hu and Kriz showed that the restriction map induces an isomorphism $M \mathbb{R}^{C_2}_{\rho *} \cong MU_{2*}$.	Mathematics
Mechanical vibrations have been shown to be effective at inducing controllable depinning, and activation of different drop motion regimes.	Physics
In the first part of this note we further the study of the interactions between Reedy and monoidal structures on a small category, building upon the work of Barwick.	Mathematics
Sparse Autoencoders (SAEs) have recently been shown to enhance interpretability and steerability in Large Language Models (LLMs).	AI
APC records the runtime profile of the low-level hardware events of different AI operations.	AI
We then demonstrate the utility of the technique by measuring the kinetic inductance of multi-layered niobium diselenide and discuss the limits to the accuracy of our technique when the transition temperature of the sample, NbSe$_2$ at 7.06 K, approaches our Nb probe resonator at 8.59 K. Our method will be useful for practitioners in the growing fields of superconducting physics, materials science, and quantum sensing, as a means of characterizing superconducting circuit components and studying pairing mechanisms of the novel superconducting states which arise in layered 2D materials and heterostructures.	Physics
Results have relevant policy implications for regulators, linked to the business evolution and the risks of outsourcing, and managerial implications for the followers, specifically on the plan of service integration to diversify and boost their activities in the segment of customer relationship management and care, providing a better user experience.	Finance
Our results show that the variances of lines and colors of a painting can significantly positively explain the sales price in a general context.	Finance
This paper will review recent advances in the study of solvability of stochastic differential games, with a focus on a purely probabilistic technique to approach the problem.	Economics
Accessory replicative helicases in Escherichia coli, Rep and UvrD, help replication machinery overcome blocks by removing incoming nucleoprotein complexes or aiding the re-initiation of replication.	Biology
We propose several polynomial-time algorithms that provably achieve i-EF and g-WEF simultaneously in various degrees of approximation under three different conditions on the agents' (i) when agents have identical additive valuation functions, i-EFX and i-WEF1 can be achieved simultaneously; (ii) when agents within a group share a common valuation function, an allocation satisfying both i-EF1 and g-WEF1 exists; and (iii) when agents' valuations for goods within a group differ, we show that while maintaining i-EF1, we can achieve a 1/3-approximation to ex-ante g-WEF1.	Economics
Using the Ruby programming language, we construct an Egyptian Ratscrew simulator from scratch.	Economics
Simulation results demonstrate that the optimized framework achieves superior accuracy across diverse attack types, especially when using compact models in edge computing environments.	AI
We show that if the undominated bundles with respect to this partial order are nested, then nested bundling (tiered pricing) is optimal.	Economics
When $X$ is a non-compact connected manifold and $\mathcal C$ is the unbounded derived category of a ring, our result recovers a result of Neeman.	Mathematics
The well-known notion of dimension for partial orders by Dushnik and Miller allows to quantify the degree of incomparability and, thus, is regarded as a measure of complexity for partial orders.	Economics
Protein folding is the intricate process by which a linear sequence of amino acids self-assembles into a unique three-dimensional structure.	Biology
Finally, we leverage insights from our statistical results to design a novel, computationally efficient algorithm for finding Nash equilibria in aligning LLMs with NLHF.	Economics
The metasurface also achieves nonreciprocal wave propagation for internal and external excitations, demonstrating a one-way acoustic device.	Physics
Here we describe a physical-electrochemical model of the transient response to a step of the gate voltage.	Physics
However, a fixed rule for classifying disinformation becomes less effective over time, as bad actors can learn to sequentially and strategically bypass it.	Economics
Remarkably, the spin of the BHs in our models is far from reaching the available observational determination.	Physics
We introduce the concept of interaction spaces and investigate their homotopy, singular homology, and simplicial homology.	Mathematics
Claims about causes are made without actual information, and accepted or dismissed based upon poor or non-existent evidence.	Finance
The spatial convolutions are accomplished via a modified fast Fourier transform based adaptive integral method that allows calculating spatial convolutions with non-uniform meshes in $O(N\log N)$ numerical operations.	Physics
We also define homology groups of simplicial lists and study first properties.	Mathematics
Consequently, there is a significant demand for the generation of high-quality scATAC-seq data in silico.	Biology
Particularly, high-resolution transmission electron microscopy unequivocally establishes that GaN grown over partly graphene-covered $m$-plane sapphire substrates started to nucleate on the exposed sapphire surface.	Physics
Specifically, STeCa identifies suboptimal actions through a step-level reward comparison during exploration.	AI
It is an easy consequence of the universal property of Thom spectra.	Mathematics
During docking, HERN employs a hierarchical message passing network to predict atomic forces and use them to refine a binding complex in an iterative, equivariant manner.	Biology
Policy decisions that would directly impact food prices are decreasing the conversion of maize to ethanol in the US, and reimposing regulations on commodity futures markets to prevent excessive speculation, which we have shown causes bubbles and crashes in these markets.	Finance
However, current systems face challenges with the separation of state modulation and acquisition, leading to undesired time delays that impact real-time performance.	Physics
A prominent example is the market for carbon emission allowances.	Economics
The advent of large language models (LLMs) has catalyzed a transformative shift in artificial intelligence, paving the way for advanced intelligent agents capable of sophisticated reasoning, robust perception, and versatile action across diverse domains.	AI
For the particular case of a smooth projective real variety $V$, equivariant Poincar\'{e} duality from \cite{pedro&paulo:quaternionic_algebraic_cycles} is used to deduce further symmetry restrictions for the decomposition of the $\operatorname{RO}(C_2)$-graded cohomology of the complex locus $V(\mathbf{C})$ given by the same structure theorem.	Mathematics
This paper provides formulae and algorithms to compute the projection onto the core of a preimputation outside it.	Economics
While most current levitation platforms are complex and bulky, miniaturization is sought to gain robustness and facilitate their integration into confined settings, such as cryostats or portable devices.	Physics
We also prove that these axioms are stable under a particular shift operation.	Mathematics
We construct and study an algebraic analogue of the loop coproduct in string topology, also known as the Goresky-Hingston coproduct.	Mathematics
Additionally, can we gain topological, geometric, or analytic information about a manifold by defining appropriate Markov chains on its triangulations?	Mathematics
The theory is illustrated, with some detail, for two specific trajectory models of practical interest.	Finance
Language models pretrained on text-only corpora often struggle with tasks that require auditory commonsense knowledge.	AI
In doing so, we carry out an extensive analysis of certain geometric involutions in algebraic $K$-theory that may be of independent interest.	Mathematics
There are two major defects in current learning-based methods: 1) tackling only a certain subtask of the whole antibody design pipeline, making them suboptimal or resource-intensive.	Biology
Quantitatively, the methane adsorption energy on the low-oxygen-coverage BNG-Ir13 cluster is -0.44 eV, and the second dehydrogenation of methane is the rate-determining step with an energy barrier of 1.24 eV, in both cases lower numbers than those observed for the high-oxygen-coverage BNG-Ir13 cluster.	Physics
However, this process is challenging, risky, time-intensive, and prone-to-failure while several organizations lack necessary financial resources, time, or expertise to set up this migration process.	AI
In addition, we observed that the electrostatic interactions between the SARS-CoV-2 and ACE2 in the wild type and the mutant are dominated by salt-bridges formed between SARS-CoV-2-K417 and ACE2-D30, SARS-CoV-2-K458, ACE2-E23, and SARS-CoV-2-R403 and ACE2-E37.	Biology
Firms decide whether to enter, choose models to train on their data, and set prices.	Economics
The phononic crystals are modeled using spring-mass systems and we use finite difference calculations to present our numerical results.	Physics
Due to the lack of a regulatory framework, it is common to observe miners exploiting their privileged position by front-running transactions and obtaining risk-fee profits.	Economics
The emphasis is the quantification of the collective knowhow an economy has accumulated, and what are the directions in which it is likely to expand.	Finance
Many traditional methods have been developed to solve the MCG problem, such as systematic searching, model-building, random searching, distance geometry, molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo methods, etc.	Biology
TNFs, owing to their subwavelength diameters and intense evanescent fields, offer a unique platform for enhanced light matter interactions at the nanoscale.	Physics
I proxy for this risk using cross-industry dispersion (CID), defined as a mean absolute deviation of returns of 49 industry portfolios.	Finance
We study undominated mechanisms with transfers for regulating a monopolist who privately observes the marginal cost of production.	Economics
Augmentation is an effective alternative to utilize the small amount of labeled protein data.	Biology
For example, it can enable the development of me-better drugs that are chemically distinct yet more effective than the original drugs.	Biology
In order to achieve this, we explore Segal type completions.	Mathematics
Graphs as a type of data structure have recently attracted significant attention.	Biology
We develop a modified deferred acceptance mechanism that maintains stability while accommodating bundle reports.	Economics
Moreover, the enhanced version named cryoPROS-MP significantly improves the resolution of the membrane protein NaX using the no-tilted data that contains the effects of micelles.	Biology
The participation of oxygen or other anionic species in redox activities in cathode materials for lithium and sodium-ion battery systems is known to play a role in governing the useful capacity of these batteries.	Physics
We fully characterise the equilibria in this scenario that depend on the regulator's belief about the high cost of green transition.	Economics
We show that the credibility of a disclosure policy is equivalent to a cyclical monotonicity condition on its induced distribution over states and actions.	Economics
To tackle this topic, we explore the possibility of applying unsupervised clustering methods in encoded space, i.e. perform deep clustering on the spectral properties of datacube pixels.	Physics
This paper presents the design and characterization of a rectangular microstrip patch antenna array optimized for operation within the Ku-band frequency range.	Physics
Let $G$ be a Lie group with a maximal torus $T$. Combining Schubert calculus in the flag manifold $G/T$ with the Serre spectral sequence of the fibration $G\rightarrow G/T$, we construct the integral cohomology ring $H^{\ast}(G)$ uniformly for all compact and simply connected Lie groups $G$.	Mathematics
India is home to a comprehensive affirmative action program that reserves a fraction of positions at governmental institutions for various disadvantaged groups.	Economics
Let $\mathbb S^{\infty}/\mathbb Z_2$ be the infinite lens space and $\mathscr A$ be the Steenrod algebra over the binary field $\mathbb F_2.$	Mathematics
Users with rich search experience maintained structured, less-conversational queries with minimal modifications.	AI
Although commodity money (such as gold and silver) has the advantages of a wealth store, its disadvantage is the high logistics cost.	Finance
Consequently, the necessity for additional frequency extender modules, as seen in current state-of-the-art VNAs, is eliminated, thereby reducing the complexity and cost of the system significantly.	Physics
Restricting the GPD to a subset of intervals provides a way to manage this complexity, compromising discriminating power to some extent.	Mathematics
Unfortunately, the only feasible algorithm compatible with all of the axioms is the standard empirical risk minimization (ERM) which learns arbitrarily from a single environment.	Economics
First, our deep neural network optimal consumption policy, which adapts to changes in market conditions, outperforms deterministic drawdown rules proposed in the literature.	Finance
Together these functions generate an evolving cross-sectional distribution of capital.	Economics
We show that SVM has excellent predictive performance for this task, and we provide implementation details to facilitate its use in similar problems in economics and finance.	Finance
This database characterizes the distortion inherent in a diverse variety of lens forms.	AI
The adoption of program-money transfers responsibility from human economic agents to money itself and has great potential economic advantages over the current passive form of money.	Finance
We apply LaMBO-2 to a real-world protein design task, optimizing antibodies for higher expression yield and binding affinity to several therapeutic targets under locality and developability constraints, attaining a 99% expression rate and 40% binding rate in exploratory in vitro experiments.	Biology
"Moreover, we show that the score-elevated reserve policy proposed by S\""onmez and Yenmez (2022) is inconsistent with this directive."	Economics
With weak network effects, the model reproduces conventional microeconomics: there is a statistical steady state of (nearly) perfect competition.	Economics
We can classify the settings in which persistence modules always decompose into intervals, by a recent result of Aoki, Escolar and Tada: these are standard single-parameter persistence, zigzag persistence, and bipath persistence.	Mathematics
One of them is the research of elementary properties of simplicial iterated integral.	Mathematics
Typically, they involve repeated strategic interactions of the principal and agent, taking place under uncertainty and over time.	Economics
Our approach simplifies the setup required for THz frequency comb spectroscopy while extending the working bandwidth for Rydberg atomic sensors.	Physics
Our guidance classifier is a preference model trained to predict the probability that one design dominates another, directing the diffusion model toward optimal regions of the design space.	AI
The model developed can be used for a quick and complete electro-magnetic and electro-thermal analysis of superconducting high field magnets.	Physics
The increase in thermoelectric performance of Si by nanostructuring based on the phonon-glass electron-crystal concept and optimized three-dimensional heat-guiding structures resulted in a significant power factor.	Physics
As AI agents proliferate in our daily lives, their generic and uniform expressiveness presents a significant limitation to their appeal and adoption.	AI
We also prove that for the linear threshold objective, a contest that distributes the prize equally among a fixed number of top-ranked players offers a factor-2 approximation to the optimal rank-order allocation contest.	Economics
A taxonomic classification of tasks that broadly encompass the main challenges in the protein domain, based on the relationships between different protein modalities; (ii) A multi-metric evaluation approach that assesses performance across four key dimensions: quality, novelty, diversity, and robustness; and (iii) In-depth analyses from various user objectives, providing a holistic view of model performance.	Biology
To address this issue, we propose an experiment-based deep learning approach for metasurface inverse design and demonstrate its effectiveness for power allocation in complex environments with obstacles.	Physics
We also find the partial non-Hermitian skin effect with the coexistence of localized states and extended states.	Physics
Whether an aggregating ranking function satisfying a combination of properties exists depends on the evaluability profile.	Economics
This paper studies the implementation of Bayes correlated equilibria in symmetric Bayesian nonatomic games, using direct information structures and obedient strategies.	Economics
We establish a correlation between the structural parameters of metasurface and the topological charge of the resulting vortices.	Physics
Experiments using the optimal design verified the effectiveness of the buffer and validated the modeling.	Physics
The correlation between the error of the Rosenthal model and the latent heat of fusion is carefully studied resulting an analytical model for estimating the melt pool depth.	Physics
In the age of the Internet, people's lives are increasingly dependent on today's network technology.	Finance
The family of generalized split rules is characterized with anonymity, additivity and null team.	Economics
Principally noting the objectives of Synchrotron in varying the magnetic field and its frequency to generate high energy particles, the present theory addresses the same.	Physics
Both types of molecules form a ternary complex linking an E3 ligase with a target protein, a crucial step for drug discovery.	Biology
We establish an analogous one-to-one correspondence between relative trisections and relative group trisections up to equivalence.	Mathematics
We define groupoidal and $(n+k)$-truncated $n$-quasi-categories, which are the translation to the world of $n$-quasi-categories of groupoidal and truncated $(\infty, n)$-$\Theta$-spaces defined by Rezk.	Mathematics
The controls are the investments in production and depollution and the goal is to maximize an intertemporal utility function.	Economics
The hierarchical structure of production planning has the advantage of assigning different decision variables to their respective time horizons and therefore ensures their manageability.	Finance
Additionally, failing to account for the reflected energy during the fitting process results in an underestimation of both the diffusivity and dissipation.	Physics
To take advantage of strategy commitment, a useful tactic of playing games, a leader must learn enough information about the follower's payoff function.	Economics
To address this, we propose a cost-effective solution that filters conversational snippets of interest for LLM processing, tailored to the target downstream application, rather than processing every snippet.	AI
In this review, we give an introduction to the foundations of structure-based virtual screenings, and survey their progress in the past few years.	Biology
We find that the performance of asymmetric SBCA operation generally exceeds its symmetric counterpart in energy resolution when no analyzer masking is used and, with strategic detector placement, the decrease in detection efficiency due to defocusing can be minimized.	Physics
Degradative losses of lycopene during processing is a grave concern, hence encapsulation provides a remedy.	Biology
We survey the theory of locally rigid and rigid symmetric monoidal $\infty$-categories over an arbitrary base $\mathcal{V}\in\mathrm{CAlg}(\mathbf{Pr}^\mathrm{L})$. Along the way, we introduce and study ``$\mathcal{V}$-atomic morphisms'', which are analogues of compact morphisms over an arbitrary base $\mathcal{V}$.	Mathematics
We see that a part in 10e16 precision in frequency alignment of the clocks can be achieved using commonly-available radio equipment, allowing precise timekeeping and synchronization over long distances provided a radio communications channel can be established, with potential applications in a wide variety of timekeeping applications.	Physics
Lax and colax monoidal structures are unusual and interesting, in category theory.	Mathematics
In this paper, we construct a cohomology class of the group of volume-preserving diffeomorphisms of a real-cohomologically acyclic manifold with sphere boundary, which is closely related to McDuff's secondary class, and prove that this cohomology class transgresses to the Euler class of foliated sphere bundles.	Mathematics
Allostery is a fundamental property of proteins that represents the functional coupling between distantly located sites.	Biology
Further research is needed to address data heterogeneity and optimize LM reasoning.	AI
We consider transferable utility cooperative games with infinitely many players.	Economics
Keywords: risk assessment, risk management, infrastructure, megaprojects, optimism bias, strategic misrepresentation, planning fallacy, behavioral science.	Finance
This paper intends to bring clarity to the NBS so it can be applied to the facts of a case.	Finance
Most importantly, a systematic comparison of the network reconstruction methods proposed up to now is currently missing.	Finance
However, achieving effective coordination in distributed multi-agent environments remains challenging due to (1) misalignment between instructions and task requirements and (2) inconsistency in robot behaviors when they independently interpret ambiguous instructions.	AI
This model represents a significant step forward by considering vote-for-vote trades in a low-information environment where voters do not know the preferences of their trading partners.	Economics
At the same time, our model produces other features of the real markets, such as the fat-tail distribution of returns and the long-term correlation of volatilities.	Finance
I then extend this core model to provide linkages with the sequential choice and rational attention literatures.	Economics
Furthermore, to examine how frequently possible or impossible evaluability profiles occur, we derive the proportion of each type in specific cases.	Economics
It is a defined benefit plan and is often given as an alternative to a pension plan.	Finance
This article establishes the frequency, mode shape, and localized velocity (or displacement) amplitude envelope as three significant factors governing the defect resonance dynamics, and quantitatively examines these characteristics using a modified version of the perturbed tridiagonal n-Toeplitz method.	Physics
A consideration of these requirements allows us to propose a test of intelligence for trading programs, on the lines of the Turing Test, long the benchmark for intelligent machines.	Finance
In this paper, a compact wideband dual-polarized Luneburg lens antenna (LLA) with reduced anisotropy and improved impedance matching is proposed in Ka band with a wide 2D beamscanning capability.	Physics
The outcome is utilized to design a decision support framework that can be used by traders to provide suggested indications of future stock price direction.	Finance
To fill this gap, we propose CryoChains that encodes large deformations of biomolecules via rigid body transformation of their chains, while representing their finer shape variations with the normal mode analysis framework of biophysics.	UNKNOWN
Prevailing methods depend predominantly on quantitative ratios and techniques, which suffer from limitations like window dressing and past focus.	UNKNOWN
1E-4 for the BTBT molecular junctions at 300K, on a par with the values reported for archetype molecular junctions (olygo(phenylene ethynylene) derivatives).	UNKNOWN
This paper develops an automated news summarization system for supply chain risk analysis using LLMs.	UNKNOWN
Given that different molecules are usually represented in different granularity, existing methods usually encode each type of molecules independently with different models, leaving it defective to learn the various underlying interaction physics.	UNKNOWN
Theoretical and practical implications are provided which discuss the import of these findings for the design of social robots.	UNKNOWN
This observation suggests that investors may be making a trade-off, opting for lower volatility in exchange for higher skewness, or vice versa.	UNKNOWN
We develop a two-carrier Hall effect model fitting algorithm to analyze temperature-dependent magnetotransport measurements of a high-density ($\sim4\times10^{13}$ cm$^2$/Vs) polarization-induced two-dimensional hole gas (2DHG) in a GaN/AlN heterostructure.	UNKNOWN
Finally, we prove existence results for two extensions to our model.	UNKNOWN
Since there lacks of reports of NRC theoretically or experimentally, it is time to evaluate the feasibility and worthiness of develop NRC.	UNKNOWN
We show that, with a finite number of members in the fund, the group self-annuitization scheme is not actuarially fair: some members subsidize the other members.	UNKNOWN
It is proved that the non-Abelian homology of the factorization category for the small category is isomorphic to the Baues-Wirsching homology.	UNKNOWN
As the main results, we have provided two different axiomatic characterizations which determine the dense rank by considering position invariance conditions along horizontal extensions (duplication), as well as through vertical reductions and movements (truncation, and upwards or downwards independency).	UNKNOWN
These insights not only advance our theoretical understanding of the mechanisms of new knowledge acquisition in LLMs, but also provide potential implications for improving continual pre-training strategies to enhance model performance.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, we propose a strategy that re-aligns the embeddings of modalities to resolve biased alignment between modalities.	UNKNOWN
The interrogator acts as a laser and provides a narrow spectrum with high signal-to-noise ratio.	UNKNOWN
We use adversarial attack methods to create adversarial protein sequences, and show that the RMSD in the predicted protein structure ranges from 0.119\r{A} to 34.162\r{A} when the adversarial perturbations are bounded by 20 units in the BLOSUM62 distance.	UNKNOWN
Rigorous bounds that follow from such Stieltjes integrals and partial knowledge about the material geometry are reviewed and validated by numerical calculations of the effective parameters for polycrystalline media.	UNKNOWN
We not only generalize the generation of complex objects such as graphs and hypergraphs, but we also unify existing generative modelling approaches such as Score Matching with Langevin dynamics and Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models.	UNKNOWN
In this paper we explore the connection between the ranks of the magnitude homology groups of a graph and the structure of its subgraphs.	UNKNOWN
It explores how SEC interventions influence asset returns and trading volumes, focusing on explicitly named crypto assets.	UNKNOWN
This paper investigates networked public goods games involving heterogeneous players and convex costs, focusing on the characterization of Nash Equilibrium (NE).	UNKNOWN
We show that the solution to understanding the economic impacts of reducing greenhouse gas emissions lies with research on the dynamics of the financial sector interacting with innovation and technology developments, economic history providing powerful insights through important analogies with previous historical waves of innovation.	UNKNOWN
The informed player, the sender, knows the state of nature, while the uninformed one, the receiver, does not.	UNKNOWN
Our findings effectively tie-together startup-valuations, intermediary markets, and macroeconomic determinants.	UNKNOWN
The article concludes by proposing a principled regulatory model that balances flexibility with enforceable standards, advocating closer collaboration between policymakers, financial institutions, and AI developers to ensure a secure, fair, and forward-looking framework for AI in finance.	UNKNOWN
However, they fail to plan reliably, even when prompted with a detailed definition of the planning task.	UNKNOWN
Extensive experiments on state-of-the-art LLMs, including GPT-4 and DeepSeek, reveal persistent weaknesses in numerical reasoning, highlighting the urgent need to improve numerically-aware language modeling.	UNKNOWN
In this note, we show that both constructions are compatible, in the sense that the map from the torsion to the quotients is a mixed Hodge structure morphism.	UNKNOWN
An ability to perform an accurate financial forecast is crucial for effective planning.	UNKNOWN
In this work, we substantially push the multiplexing limit of nano-printing by transforming images at different observation angles into mapping the corresponding images to different positions in the Fourier space, and simultaneously controlling the complex electric field across multiple polarization channels.	UNKNOWN
In addition to its contribution to the sponsorship-linked marketing literature, the resulting model can be utilized by managers to generate predicted values relative to the sponsor's probability of renewal and the ultimate duration of time the sponsor will remain with the property, representing a novel managerial contribution.	UNKNOWN
Washability tests show$\sim$72\% of initial photocurrent after 30 cycles, promising for wearable applications.	UNKNOWN
The hawk-dove game admits two types of equilibria: an asymmetric pure equilibrium in which players in one population play hawk and players in the other population play dove, and an inefficient symmetric mixed equilibrium, in which hawks are frequently matched against each other.	UNKNOWN
While this task holds immense practical value, it remains relatively unexplored within the research community.	UNKNOWN
Comprehensive experiments and human evaluations demonstrate that VCtrl effectively enhances controllability and generation quality.	UNKNOWN
We develop an algorithm for determining if a representation of a finite category is in the additive image.	UNKNOWN
GeoRT is trained in an unsupervised manner, eliminating the need for manual annotation of hand pairs.	UNKNOWN
It is demonstrated experimentally to achieve sub-electron noise when coupled with a skipper-CCD by means of averaging samples of each pixel.	UNKNOWN
However, these models have limitations in understanding complex compositional scenes involving multiple objects and their spatial relationships.	UNKNOWN
It is therefore of tremendous interest to develop advanced methods for identifying hERG-active compounds in the early stages of drug development, as well as for proposing redesigned compounds with reduced hERG liability and preserved on-target potency.	UNKNOWN
The explanations provide actionable insights into service anomalies, which benefits system administrators.	UNKNOWN
Regarding the topology of the interbank network, we confirm the high level of network stability but observe a higher density and a higher in- and out-degree symmetry than what is reported for unsecured markets.	UNKNOWN
We propose a theoretical model that incorporates this kind of information asymmetry into a simultaneous search model.	UNKNOWN
We prove that a voting rule is margin-based if and only if it satisfies some axioms with clearer normative content.	UNKNOWN
Similar to the stability theorem of standard persistent homology, we deduce the stability theorem of bipath persistent homology by using the algebraic stability theorem/the isometry theorem of bipath persistence modules.	UNKNOWN
"This ""generalized rectangularity"" condition allows us to uniquely retrieve the ex-ante representation starting fromthe recursive one and to obtain dynamic consistency conditions for preferences exhibiting constant absolute ambiguity aversion."	UNKNOWN
Convergence is shown to hold when the number of schools, $m$, and the number of students, $n$, satisfy the relation $m \ln m \ll n$, and we provide an example showing that this result is sharp.	UNKNOWN
This problem is particularly pronounced when dealing with images comprising discrete particles.	UNKNOWN
It can extract hidden knowledge and capture the underlying structure information implicitly embedded within the RNA sequences.	UNKNOWN
We develop a complete obstruction theory for the $\mathbb{Z}_2$-index of a compact connected 4-dimensional manifold with free involution.	UNKNOWN
The construction assigns a (genuine) equivariant orthogonal spectrum to an equivariant framed virtually smooth flow category.	UNKNOWN
To overcome these challenges, we introduce LoRS-Merging (low-rank and sparse model merging), a novel technique designed to efficiently integrate models trained on different languages or tasks while preserving performance and reducing computational overhead.	UNKNOWN
In this work we introduce CodeScientist, a novel ASD system that frames ideation and experiment construction as a form of genetic search jointly over combinations of research articles and codeblocks defining common actions in a domain (like prompting a language model).	UNKNOWN
i.e we want to select an execution strategy such that its leaves minimum room(or options) for the adversary to cause impediment/damage to our business goals/plans.	UNKNOWN
The strain was applied in incremental steps up to a maximum achievable elongation or breakage of the sample.	UNKNOWN
It constructs a high-quality demonstration pool offline, using GPT-4-Turbo to synthesize diverse SQL queries and applying integrated heuristic methods to collect both default and refined labels.	UNKNOWN
These include preferences over lotteries, both in expected utility and rank-dependent utility frameworks, and preferences over bundles of goods and over consumption streams.	UNKNOWN
A group of privately informed agents chooses between two alternatives.	UNKNOWN
Typical for ordered systems, this property also emerges in several disordered physical and biological systems, where it is particularly relevant to understand mechanisms of pattern formation and to exploit peculiar attributes, e.g., interaction with light and transport phenomena.	UNKNOWN
Our results show that the classical-quantum hybrid model achieves Elo ratings comparable to those of classical CNNs, while the standalone QCNN underperforms under current hardware constraints.	UNKNOWN
To reduce transition risks, firms should reduce their dependence on essential inputs from supply chains with high CO2 exposure.	UNKNOWN
As a proof of concept, we apply this tool to a problem arising from machine learning.	UNKNOWN
"The United Nations emphasized the importance of providing COVID-19 vaccines as ""a global public good"", which is accessible and affordable world-wide."	UNKNOWN
Income inequality between different races in the U.S. is especially large.	UNKNOWN
For strength adjustment, SE-MCTS successfully adjusts to designated ranks while achieving a 51.33% accuracy in aligning to human actions, outperforming a previous state-of-the-art, with only 42.56% accuracy.	UNKNOWN
The AI-generated items have achieved over 13% relative improvements for both click-through rate and conversion rate compared to their human-designed counterparts, validating the revolutionary potential of AI-generated items for e-commercial platforms.	UNKNOWN
The framework includes both a benchmark as well as an arena to simulate and evaluate the variety of social settings to test reasoning and strategic behavior of AI agents.	UNKNOWN
The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has emphasised the importance of developing a universal vaccine that can protect against current and future variants of the virus.	UNKNOWN
The first part of this series introduced controlled spaces, examining how they can model critical processes in various domains, from the change of state in a memory cell to the action of a thermostat or a siphon.	UNKNOWN
Yet, due to the complexity of laws -- particularly tax law -- policies may lead to inequality and social tensions.	UNKNOWN
Integration on chip is also anticipated to enhance the control over the particle motion through a more precise engineering of optical and electric fields.	UNKNOWN
Syringe pumps are among today_s most prevalent liquid delivery systems, especially for high-pressure, stable, low-flow-rate microfluidic applications.	UNKNOWN
Given a reduced crystallographic root system with a fixed simple system, it is associated to a Weyl group $W$, parabolic subgroups $W_K$'s and a polytope $P$ which is the convex hull of a dominant weight.	UNKNOWN
Nonetheless, MU for Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLMs) remains in its nascent phase.	UNKNOWN
We show that during the COVID-19 pandemic there are more clusters of observations around the two flanks, highlighting the presence of a volatile behavior.	UNKNOWN
Reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) has become a cornerstone of the training and alignment pipeline for large language models (LLMs).	UNKNOWN
The attention each sender receives is proportional to the residual value of her information.	UNKNOWN
We also provide a short new proof of the non-commutative BTT for Calabi-Yau dg-categories.	UNKNOWN
Which one she prefers depends on the private information of two agents.	UNKNOWN
Despite its importance, existing layout detection models face significant challenges in generalizing across diverse document types, handling complex layouts, and achieving real-time performance for large-scale data processing.	UNKNOWN
Black-box optimization methods play an important role in many fields of computational simulation.	UNKNOWN
The aim of this paper is to provide an overview of junior software developers' perspectives and use of LLM-based tools for software engineering (LLM4SE).	UNKNOWN
"The preliminary results indicate that: (i) mutations can be viewed as sensitive probes to identify ""typos"" in the amino-acid sequence and also to assess the resistance of naturally occurring proteins to unwanted sequence alterations; (ii) the presence of ""typos"" in the amino acid sequence, rather than being an evolutionary obstacle, could promote faster evolvability and, in turn, increase the likelihood of higher protein stability; (iii) the mutation site is far more important than the substituted amino acid in terms of the protein's marginal stability changes, and (iv) the protein evolution unpredictability at the molecular level by mutations exists even in the absence of epistasis effects."	UNKNOWN
In this work, we introduce a novel unsupervised protein structure representation pretraining method, cross-modal contrastive protein learning (CCPL).	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, the research underscores the value of diversifying investment portfolios with startups in emerging markets, emphasizing the opportunities for substantial growth and returns despite inherent risks.	UNKNOWN
Through the thickness modulation of the MgO barrier, the negative TMR component can be enhanced up to 20% under a negative voltage bias.	UNKNOWN
This structural theorem supports explicit calculations in algebraic topology, geometric topology and combinatorial group theory.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we provide the first comprehensive survey for PGMs.	UNKNOWN
Partial occlusion of the target object is the most prominent.	UNKNOWN
This paper argues that politicians' office motivation is an obstacle.	UNKNOWN
The stable category of such $G$-modules is a rigidly-compactly generated, tensor triangulated category.	UNKNOWN
The nonreciprocal transport coefficient undergoes a giant increase with three orders of magnitude up to 105 A-1T-1.	UNKNOWN
We demonstrate that ignoring the permutation invariance can have severe consequences in anomaly detection, and that the latter approach is competitive with, and sometimes better than, existing intractable DGMs in the context of molecular graph generation.	UNKNOWN
In this paper we show they are left proper, cellular and stable model categories.	UNKNOWN
Additional to the quadratic cohomology of G there are five additional interaction cohomology groups.	UNKNOWN
We show that any fixed point of our learning dynamics corresponds to the optimal incentive mechanism such that the corresponding Nash equilibrium also achieves social optimality.	UNKNOWN
This performance is achieved without MSA and the approach is applicable to other types of interactions, such as host-pathogens or general PPIs.	UNKNOWN
In this case we use the following fact: a geometrical scale related with Vassiliev's discriminant of magnetic lines coincids with a physical Kolmogorov scale.	UNKNOWN
The change of the statistical fluctuation distribution is also examined from a geometric perspective.	UNKNOWN
To support this, we build an evaluation framework encompassing 22 types of removal attacks (109 configurations) including signal-level, physical-level, and AI-induced distortions.	UNKNOWN
We show that this spectrum lifts the generating family homology groups.	UNKNOWN
Integrating nanoscale opto-electronic functions is vital for applications such as optical emitters, detectors, and quantum information.	UNKNOWN
We provide a thorough investigation of several fundamental properties of RSE, including its utility guarantees, algorithmics, and learnability.	UNKNOWN
We consider the contractibility of Vietoris-Rips complexes of dense subsets of $(\mathbb{R}^n,\ell_1)$ with sufficiently large scales.	UNKNOWN
This platform can moreover be combined with monolithic integration of piezoelectrical materials, enabling frequency agile low noise lasers.	UNKNOWN
An agent predicts the consequence of available actions using a dataset and her subjective beliefs about causality represented by a directed acyclic graph (DAG).	UNKNOWN
Simulation methods are appealing due to direct availability of atomic coordinates as a function of time.	UNKNOWN
Personality traits play a crucial role in either amplifying or reducing biases, significantly affecting how LLMs respond to debiasing techniques.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, the relationship between task difficulty and helpfulness reveals a potential application for good, enabling users to customize model behavior based on task complexity.	UNKNOWN
It categorizes memory into sensory, short-term, and long-term, with sensory memory corresponding to input prompts, short-term memory processing immediate context, and long-term memory implemented via external databases or structures.	UNKNOWN
"We call these specialized algorithms ""mRNA folding"" algorithms as they generalize classical RNA folding algorithms."	UNKNOWN
(iii) Can we specify extra data on $X$ which allow us to construct a canonical orientation on $\cal M$?	UNKNOWN
Addressing these challenges, this research presents gAI-PT4I4, a Generative AI-based Personalized Tutor for Industrial 4.0, designed to personalize 4IR experiential learning.	UNKNOWN
We show that it is a free $\mathbb Z$-module, and give a recursive algorithm for constructing all cycles.	UNKNOWN
We consider the problem of designing prices for public transport where payment enforcing is done through random inspection of passengers' tickets as opposed to physically blocking their access.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, the implementation of a self-cross similarity loss ensures distinct features for particle and background regions, thereby enhancing the discrimination capability of cryoMAE.	UNKNOWN
First, we establish a canonical way to reduce the dimensionality of matrices by comparing matrices of different dimensions in the space of DiKernels.	UNKNOWN
The short peptide sequences that result from this analysis are used to characterize the original protein content of the sample.	UNKNOWN
The paper shows this to be a natural requirement by proving that a large class of practical trading strategies, defined by means of trajectory based stopping times, give rise to locally continuous functionals.	UNKNOWN
Zcash holds a niche use for anonymous transactions, benefitting areas of the world lacking in economic freedom.	UNKNOWN
As applications, we compute $\Omega^{\operatorname{lag}}(M)$ when $M$ is a closed surface and give a partial description of $\Omega^{\operatorname{lag}}(M)$ when $M$ is a monotone manifold.	UNKNOWN
The results demonstrate that adjusting the tax on electricity consumption for the development of REs based on budget status leads to the best policy result for a desired installed capacity development without any negative social effects and financial crises.	UNKNOWN
To ensure the reliability and availability of large-scale language models in cloud computing scenarios, such as frequent resource failures, network problems, and computational overheads, this study proposes a novel adaptive fault tolerance mechanism.	UNKNOWN
We find that people overestimate the degree of alignment between GenAI's choices and human choices.	UNKNOWN
The goal is to develop and simulate a neural network model that incorporates spintronic synapses, examining their potential to perform complex pattern recognition tasks such as image and sound classification.	UNKNOWN
While these objectives should ideally be satisfied simultaneously, they are often addressed in isolation, leading to conflicts and suboptimal solutions.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we propose a globally convergent gradient-based method for solving these problems without the restrictive assumption of linearly parameterized rewards.	UNKNOWN
As we demonstrate both theoretically and empirically, our pipeline preserves desirable properties of collections of latent representations, and it can be leveraged to perform sensitivity analysis, detect anomalous embeddings, or efficiently and effectively navigate hyperparameter search spaces.	UNKNOWN
Our method, TransformerBeta, accurately predicts specific beta strand interactions and samples sequences with beta sheet-like molecular properties, while capturing interpretable physico-chemical interaction patterns.	UNKNOWN
We compute several basic network statistics and check, with the Louvain community detection algorithm, for emerging communities of banks.	UNKNOWN
In addition, we discuss the prospective application of such clustering, for instance in refining priors for detailed parameter estimation for self-organising systems.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we discuss synthetic data as a possible solution to this dilemma.	UNKNOWN
How should authorities that care about match quality and diversity allocate resources when they are uncertain about the market?	UNKNOWN
Although expansions and contractions can be implemented in quadratic time in the non-zigzag case by utilizing the linear-time transpositions, it is not obvious how they can be carried out under the zigzag framework with the same complexity.	UNKNOWN
Recent work has unveiled the potential for LLMs to achieve high performance through fine-tuning with a limited quantity of high-quality instruction data.	UNKNOWN
This paper proposes a new generative uncertainty mechanism based on the Bayesian Inference and Correntropy (BIC) technique for accurately evaluating asset pricing in markets.	UNKNOWN
Finally, we empirically demonstrate that top-AFA SAEs achieve reconstruction loss comparable to that of state-of-the-art top-k SAEs, without requiring the hyperparameter $k$ to be tuned.	UNKNOWN
To understand how a smectic texture may take on a screw dislocation in the shape of a knot without a fibration, we study first knotted edge defects.	UNKNOWN
Despite their widespread use, theoretical insights into the bidding behavior, revenue ranking, and efficiency of commonly used multi-unit auctions are limited.	UNKNOWN
Noise is explicitly taken into account to deal with the variety of problems of a data-driven world.	UNKNOWN
In the proposed scheme, a low-doped p-type Si WG PD with a response time of microseconds is utilized as a transparent in-line optical power monitor and the ground terminal of the MOS optical phase shifter is shared with that of the Si WG PD to enable the simple monitoring of the output optical power of the MZI.	UNKNOWN
Though we have utilized the Ising model to tackle a problem in economics, our analysis shed lights on many other problems concerning stimulations of socio-economic systems.	UNKNOWN
I suggest that mandating disclosure may also even risk harming patients by providing stakeholders with a way to avoid accountability for harm that results from improper applications or uses of these systems.	UNKNOWN
In particular, we construct the free partially presentable $T$-categories in the unstable, semiadditive, and stable contexts and explain how to exhibit them as full subcategories of their fully presentable analogues.	UNKNOWN
In this note it is estimated that a correction of this deflection could bring an increase from 3.9 to 5.8% in new jobs in firms with a workforce between 5 to 25 workers.	UNKNOWN
In the Carhart four-factor analysis, higher factor-neutral intercepts for the alternative strategies are another evidence for the robust prediction by the alternative stock selection rules.	UNKNOWN
Note that a miner of this size {\em cannot} outperform an honest miner in the Proof-of-Work model.	UNKNOWN
This book gives a thorough introduction to topological data analysis (TDA), the application of algebraic topology to data science.	UNKNOWN
They provide thus a fascinating topic mixing topology and discrete mathematics.	UNKNOWN
In this sense, the `cumulative unemployment rate' in our model system is regarded as an error-measurement in the collective intelligence of students, and the job-hunting stage n-dependence of the error constructs a learning curve.	UNKNOWN
Our results show that CNNs outperform humans only when the training and test data have the same visual encodings.	UNKNOWN
"We show how to implement this machine algorithmically and how it might be applied strategically as a mechanism for ""veiling"" actions."	UNKNOWN
Each period, two players bargain over a unit of surplus.	UNKNOWN
These compounds bind to the same pocket of the protein with a binding energy of -7.8 kcal/mol, -7.6 kcal/mol, -7.4 kcal/mol and -7.4 kcal/mol each for camostat, apigenin, catechin and epicatechin respectively.	UNKNOWN
The coarse-grained models are capable of accelerating the dynamics by more than three orders of magnitude while preserving the thermodynamics of the systems.	UNKNOWN
A parameter inference study highlights the ability to use these PINNs to calibrate scaling parameters for the cathode Li diffusion and the anode exchange current density.	UNKNOWN
If firms are unable to use accident history, longer periods of partial coverage choices are rewarded, leading to menus with cheaper full-coverage options and more attractive partial-coverage options; and allocative inefficiency decreases along all histories.	UNKNOWN
In the present study, molecular docking studies were conducted by using Patchdock tool.	UNKNOWN
We further demonstrate, through 10 case studies, that ChatDrug can successfully identify the key substructures (e.g., the molecule functional groups, peptide motifs, and protein structures) for manipulation, generating diverse and valid suggestions for drug editing.	UNKNOWN
We use this cohomology to define a notion of coarse cohomology of the configuration space of a metric space and develop tools to compute this cohomology under certain conditions.	UNKNOWN
By comparing user feedback with third-person evaluations from health experts and an LM, we reveal significant misalignment across evaluation approaches.	UNKNOWN
Our results on general games show that in a very broad class of games, self-interested players benefit from letting their learning agents make payments to other learners during the game dynamics, and that in many cases, this kind of behavior improves welfare for all players.	UNKNOWN
Molecular property prediction (MPP) is a fundamental but challenging task in the computer-aided drug discovery process.	UNKNOWN
Apart from classical BGs, another mechanism for bandgap formation in metamaterials involves strong coupling between local resonances and propagating waves, resulting in a local resonance-induced bandgap (LRG).	UNKNOWN
Given this framework, we show that even when players observe a history of defection (no contribution), a cooperative outcome is achievable.	UNKNOWN
The development of two-dimensional (2D) transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs) based transistors has been constrained by high contact resistance and inadequate current delivery, primarily stemming from metal-induced gap states and Fermi level pinning.	UNKNOWN
These approaches either utilize human-provided textual representations of the real world or heavily depend on prompt engineering to extract such representations, lacking the capability to quantitatively understand the environment, such as determining the feasibility of manipulating objects.	UNKNOWN
We also explore the effects of non-ergodicity, by constructing a simple stochastic model for the contingent nature of economic interactions.	UNKNOWN
Again this holds in dimensions $\le 3$, but we are able to show that it fails in general in dimensions $\ge 4$.	UNKNOWN
We demonstrate that its performance is on par with previous MATLAB implementations but runs an order of magnitude faster.	UNKNOWN
Molecular docking, a technique for predicting ligand binding poses, is crucial in structure-based drug design for understanding protein-ligand interactions.	UNKNOWN
We provide a sufficient condition on payoff structures, under which the equilibrium uniqueness is guaranteed across all signal structures.	UNKNOWN
We show that metric data on the point cloud and its fibre in the covering suffices for the construction, and formalise our approach in the framework of groupoids and monodromy of coverings.	UNKNOWN
We investigate the effect of mobile polymer brushes on proteins embedded in biological membranes by employing both Asakura-Oosawa type of theoretical model and coarse-grained molecular dynamics simulations.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, with the same data scale, SyncSpeech achieves performance comparable to that of traditional autoregressive-based TTS models in terms of both speech quality and robustness.	UNKNOWN
Our results offer novel, effective means of computing portfolio dependencies and an indicator of financial crises, which is shown to correctly identify past crises.	UNKNOWN
Given two random variables taking values in a bounded interval, we study whether one dominates the other in higher-order stochastic dominance depends on the reference interval in the model setting.	UNKNOWN
Deep neural networks such as AlphaFold and RoseTTAFold predict remarkably accurate structures of proteins compared to other algorithmic approaches.	UNKNOWN
The discriminators demonstrate improvements over state-of-the-art models due to optimized architecture, while the generators produce novel polymers tailored to the desired property range.	UNKNOWN
Let $G$ be a finite group with order $|G|=\ell$ and $2\leq q\leq \ell$. For a free $G$-space $X$, we introduce a notion of $q$-th index of $(X,G)$, denoted by $\text{ind}_q(X,G)$.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, we show that the upper semi-continuous weak order that corresponds to the demand function is unique, and that this weak order is represented by our calculated utility function.	UNKNOWN
We combine these two lines of research, noting that the superlevels of the total weight function of a Dowker complex can be identified as an instance of Sheehy's multicover filtration.	UNKNOWN
Our experimental results demonstrate the importance of doubly differential angular sputtering studies to probe ion sputtering processes at a fundamental level and to explore the effect of ion-beam-generated surface roughness.	UNKNOWN
We evaluate the model using several representative rhythm patterns spanning the upper, middle, and lower bounds of human musical perception.	UNKNOWN
Graph neural networks (GNNs) are widely used for graph-structured data but are vulnerable to membership inference attacks (MIAs) in graph classification tasks, which determine if a graph was part of the training dataset, potentially causing data leakage.	UNKNOWN
Digital twins for power electronics require accurate power losses whose direct measurements are often impractical or impossible in real-world applications.	UNKNOWN
We also prove a negative result which states that the Balmer--Favi--Sanders support theory can only stratify categories whose spectra are weakly Noetherian.	UNKNOWN
We compute the chromatic defect of various examples of interest: finite spectra, the Real Johnson--Wilson theories $\mathrm{ER(n)}$, the fixed points $\mathrm{EO}_n(G)$ of Morava $E$-theories with respect to a finite subgroup $G$ of the Morava stabilizer group, and the connective image of $J$ spectrum j. Having finite chromatic defect is closely related to the existence of analogues of the classical Wood splitting $\mathrm{ko}\otimes C(\eta)\simeq	UNKNOWN
Therefore, they seem to be basing themselves upon two knowledge streams namely i) Islamic jurisprudence principles, and ii) banking principles.	UNKNOWN
Wearable-LLM systems recognize naturalistic events (social interactions, emotional situations, compulsive behaviors, decision making) and signal implanted RNS devices (via wireless triggers) to record synchronized intracranial data during these moments.	UNKNOWN
We provide applications of these calculations to pushouts along Dwyer functors and Reedy categories.	UNKNOWN
The climate debate is convoluted and polarized as a result, and climate policy complex.	UNKNOWN
To address these challenges, we propose RNACG (RNA Conditional Generator), a universal framework for RNA sequence design based on flow matching.	UNKNOWN
However, the traditional benchmark dataset for this task, Docking Benchmark 5 (DB5), contains only a modest 230 complexes for training, validating, and testing different machine learning algorithms.	UNKNOWN
Hence, we define a protocol for unseen view action segmentation where camera views for evaluating the model are unavailable during training.	UNKNOWN
The prediction of the systemic availability from the chemical structure of a potential candidate is highly desirable, as it allows to focus the drug or agrochemical development on compounds with a favorable kinetic profile.	UNKNOWN
Due to traits of CMOS compatibility and scalability, HfO2-based ferroelectrics are promising candidates for next-generation memory devices.	UNKNOWN
To mitigate noisy attention maps and create robust segmentation masks, we introduce a novel attention-pooling mechanism called the Smooth-Attention-Operation.	UNKNOWN
The single-security price limit, designed as risk tolerance to protect investors by avoiding sharp price fluctuation, is blamed for feeding market panic in times of crash.	UNKNOWN
However, the influence of the TCO microstructure on the work function (WF) shift after SAM anchoring as well as the WF variations at the micro/nanoscale have not been extensively studied yet.	UNKNOWN
Several graphene-based photodetectors with ability to integrate with various energy thermoelectric, electromagnetic and piezoelectric devices is reported.	UNKNOWN
We use two different models to describe transmission of shocks, one local and the other global.	UNKNOWN
We experimentally demonstrate digital gate operations utilizing this technology, such as NOT, NAND, NOR, AND, and OR gates, with a few femtojoule energy consumption and ultralow bit error rates < $10^{-8}$. In addition, we build volatile memory elements with few femtojoule energy consumption per operation, a nanosecond operation speed, and a retention time over $10^5$ s.	UNKNOWN
There are currently no plans for it to become a peer-reviewed paper.	UNKNOWN
The demand for low-power devices is on the rise as semiconductor engineering approaches the quantum limit and quantum computing continues to advance.	UNKNOWN
Although various techniques have been developed to create robustness test suites, requirements-based testing for DNNs remains largely unexplored -- yet such tests are recognized as an essential component of software validation of critical systems.	UNKNOWN
It is hard to overstate the importance that the concept of symmetry has had in every field of physics, a fact alluded to by the Nobel Prize winner P.W. Anderson, who once wrote that physics is the study of symmetry.	UNKNOWN
It is turned out that this work can finish facilitating the design process of artificial intelligence-generated metasurfaces (AIGM), and even provide a useful guide for developing complex THz metasurfaces based on 2D materials using generative neural networks.	UNKNOWN
"Third, when FL is formed, there exists an ""All-Win"" situation in which all stakeholders (participating firms, consumers, and social planner) benefit."	UNKNOWN
However, a great effort has been made trying to obtain similar condensed structures from either ssRNA or dsRNA, which the latter carries similar negative charge density as dsDNA, although it adopts a different helical form.	UNKNOWN
The agents connect through credit instruments borrowed from each other or through direct lending, and these create the liabilities.	UNKNOWN
Elastic network models, followed by a stepwise logistic regression model were implemented to identify indicators capable of discriminating COVID-19 and influenza A.	UNKNOWN
Current sorbent-based devices that cycle between water capture and release have low harvesting rates.	UNKNOWN
To address this challenge, we introduce DCIFR, a deep learning framework optimized for edge processing and high-speed X-ray diagnostics at SLAC's Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS).	UNKNOWN
Two commonly-employed strategies to combat the rise of misinformation on social media are (i) fact-checking by professional organisations and (ii) community moderation by platform users.	UNKNOWN
COD first constructs a predictable support subset by clustering tasks based on difficulty features, strategically excluding non-emergent and non-scalable clusters.	UNKNOWN
Transcriptomic data is a treasure-trove in modern molecular biology, as it offers a comprehensive viewpoint into the intricate nuances of gene expression dynamics underlying biological systems.	UNKNOWN
We found that the CSIE market volatility estimator is consistently at least 10 times more sensitive to market changes, compared to the volatility estimate captured through the market indices.	UNKNOWN
We take an axiomatic approach to study redistribution problems when agents report income and needs.	UNKNOWN
"We study law enforcement guided by data-informed predictions of ""hot spots"" for likely criminal offenses."	UNKNOWN
In that respect, I first contribute by identifying a class of models of discriminatory institutions, made up of theories of discriminatory social norms and discriminatory institutional design.	UNKNOWN
Speech recognition is a key challenge in natural language processing, requiring low latency, efficient computation, and strong generalization for real-time applications.	UNKNOWN
An additional smattering of cardinal data, comparing the relative value to the agent of finitely many pairs of experiments, identifies her utility function up to an action-independent payoff.	UNKNOWN
the filtered derived category of a dg deformation yields a categorical resolution of the classical derived category.	UNKNOWN
"We study the classic house-swapping problem of Shapley and Scarf (1974) in a setting where agents may have ""objective"" indifferences, i.e., indifferences that are shared by all agents."	UNKNOWN
Several problems that fall under task and motion planning do not have a predetermined number of sub-tasks to achieve a goal.	UNKNOWN
In this work, we present PRISM, a framework that leverages foundation models to generate high-resolution, language-guided medical image counterfactuals using Stable Diffusion.	UNKNOWN
This paper investigates whether merger reviews in the Pakistan digital market are informed by the same explanatory variables as in the traditional market, by performing an empirical comparative analysis of the Competition Commission of Pakistan's (CCP's) M&A decisions between 2014 and 2019.	UNKNOWN
Diversity is harder to maintain when there is fast communication between agents, because they tend to find out and pursue the best action rapidly.	UNKNOWN
Under our model there is a critical threshold for leverage; below it financial networks are always stable, and above it the unstable region grows as leverage increases.	UNKNOWN
To fill this gap, we first study the effect of inter-protein similarity modeling by benchmarking retriever-based methods against predictors on protein function annotation tasks.	UNKNOWN
We incorporate 3D coordinates and spectral geometric descriptors as input features to fully leverage the geometric information.	UNKNOWN
This framework leverages in-context learning techniques to identify themes in clinical interviews and then models both intra-theme and inter-theme correlation.	UNKNOWN
Using these computations we will recover, through a new and different strategy, the formulas previously obtained by Levine in Witt-sheaf cohomology.	UNKNOWN
Although, in general, stable allocation may not exist, we guarantee the existence of stable allocations when all machines are considered public goods, and we start with an initial schedule that might not have the optimal number of machines, but in which agents with large waiting costs are processed first.	UNKNOWN
We argue that not only fair solutions should be deemed desirable by social planners (designers), but they should be governed by human and societal cognition, consider perceived outcomes based on human judgement, and be verifiable.	UNKNOWN
This article presents a systematic measurement-based and theoretical investigation of line-of-sight (LoS) THz channel behavior under rainfall conditions, methodically examining both power attenuation mechanisms and bit error rate (BER) performance.	UNKNOWN
Vision foundation models (VFMs) are pre-trained on extensive image datasets to learn general representations for diverse types of data.	UNKNOWN
This allows us to translate techniques of zigzag persistence, like recent advancements in its efficient computation by Dey and Hou, to bipath persistence.	UNKNOWN
By integrating theoretical insights with empirical evidence, this scoping review seeks to identify critical gaps in the literature and inform the design of effective, resource-optimized AI solutions in non-profit healthcare settings.	UNKNOWN
The experimental results present the advantage of HPC in the statistical sense.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, the model introduces opportunities to quantify the financial ows coming from future populations such as salaries, contributions, salary supplements, employer contribution to savings/pensions, among others.	UNKNOWN
This paper seeks to lay the foundation for systematically answering the question of when and how to use KG-RAG by analyzing their performance in various application scenarios associated with different technical configurations.	UNKNOWN
Experimental results demonstrate that the training efficiency, privacy protection, and model accuracy of the proposed model compare favorably to those of the traditional federated learning method.	UNKNOWN
The population of the study comprised of 45 non-financial firms listed at the NSE for a period of ten years from 2008 to 2017.	UNKNOWN
A computable contract is a contract that a computer can read, understand and execute.	UNKNOWN
This approach not only achieves state-of-the-art performance in Davis and KIBA datasets but also reaches cutting-edge performance in the cross-domain applications across different bio-activity types and different protein classes.	UNKNOWN
In addition, it is found that economic expansions cause bull markets but recessions do not cause bear markets.	UNKNOWN
5G specifications promise a common and flexible-enough network infrastructure capable of satisfying diverse requirements of both current and future use cases.	UNKNOWN
The proposed EMOCPD achieves over 80% accuracy on the training set and 68.33% and 62.32% accuracy on two independent test sets, respectively, surpassing the best comparative methods by over 10%.	UNKNOWN
Our paper demonstrates an impossibility result in the Supreme Court's solution and the act, which are flawed in reserving seats simultaneously at both the university and within its departments.	UNKNOWN
This was verified by applying the retrieval algorithms to two experimental data sets.	UNKNOWN
However, the pre-processing steps required to align a candidate sequence are computationally demanding.	UNKNOWN
Simple estimation of cross-section can be done from DLTS and Admittance Spectroscopy (AS) data, but it is not feasible to distinguish temperature dependence of pre-exponential and exponential parts of the emission rate equation with sufficient precision conducting a single experiment.	UNKNOWN
However, two bumps at lower voltages in the dI/dV-V indicate a contribution to the electron transport through ferrocene HOMO, which is located in the MoS2 band gap at ca. 0.4-0.6 eV below the Fermi energy.	UNKNOWN
Understanding the structures and functions of these models poses a significant challenge for users.	UNKNOWN
This article designs two types of Stirling engines with loop airflow path: the O-type engines without regenerator and the 8-type engines with regenerator.	UNKNOWN
Indeed, we answer the parallel question with presheaves viewed as prestacks, and prestacks considered as algebras over a box operad, in the positive.	UNKNOWN
Ferroelectric field-effect transistors (FeFET) with two-dimensional (2D) semiconductor channels are promising low-power, embedded non-volatile memory (NVM) candidates for next-generation in-memory computing.	UNKNOWN
However, perovskite solar cells display significant kinetic phenomena that modify the performance at several time scales, due to hysteresis, internal capacitances, and related mechanisms.	UNKNOWN
However, the complexity and time-consuming nature of these methods have limited their usage and development.	UNKNOWN
This paper explores the possibility of employing user-generated iMD-VR datasets to train AI agents via imitation learning (IL).	UNKNOWN
Persistence diagrams (PD)s play a central role in topological data analysis, and are used in an ever increasing variety of applications.	UNKNOWN
We propose a new method to study the scaling of income distributions by analyzing total income scaling in population percentiles.	UNKNOWN
It reduces the dependency on full-wave EM simulations and substantially shortens the design time.	UNKNOWN
To demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed IMbalance-sensitive Gradient (IMGrad) descent method, we evaluate it on multiple mainstream MTL benchmarks, encompassing supervised learning tasks as well as reinforcement learning.	UNKNOWN
Color centers in hexagonal boron nitride (hBN) have become an intensively researched system due to their potential applications in quantum technologies.	UNKNOWN
Currently, many protein structure prediction methods are enriching the structure database.	UNKNOWN
An increase in the level of accounts receivables in a firm increases both net working capital and the costs of holding and managing accounts receivables.	UNKNOWN
The Raman spectroscopy data (as per our analysis) for the GPL samples indicates that large cracks and defects were introduced during the hot rolling process used to fabricate the graphene-PMMA composite.	UNKNOWN
When the principal is ex ante predisposed towards some action, it is optimal for her to hire an agent who is predisposed towards the same action, but to a smaller extent, since such an agent would acquire more information, which outweighs the bias stemming from misalignment.	UNKNOWN
Finally, we explore autoregressive generation towards multiple elastic properties in few-shot learning.	UNKNOWN
These platforms provide digital infrastructure for a range of services including search engines, marketplaces, and social networking sites.	UNKNOWN
We show that, in the special case of $0$-dimensional homology (which is relevant for clustering and graph classification) the Betti tables of a bigraded module can be computed in log-linear time.	UNKNOWN
A key distinction of CCQGen is that it adaptively adjusts the generation process based on the previously generated queries.	UNKNOWN
We utilize the theory of flat cotorsion modules and flat covers developed by Enochs and Xu.	UNKNOWN
These methods can be used to study the mechanisms of protein binding and function at these sites.	UNKNOWN
We propose a class of semimetrics for preference relations any one of which is an alternative to the classical Kemeny-Snell-Bogart metric.	UNKNOWN
We also trained GRU, RNN and a novel seq-to-seq model with multi-head attention.	UNKNOWN
Further, we show extra improvements when coupling it with existing fine-tuning techniques at the cost of increased running time.	UNKNOWN
Sparsity in ML models yields reduced memory, computation and energy demand, hence facilitating a low-cost and scalable solution.	UNKNOWN
Each school commits to an attendance fee and a monitoring policy.	UNKNOWN
Developing versatile quadruped robots that can smoothly perform various actions and tasks in real-world environments remains a significant challenge.	UNKNOWN
The proposed metacrystals feature binarized permittivity contrast between low-permittivity materials and air gaps, and can thus be fabricated using filament-based additive manufacturing, supporting frequencies up to 100 GHz.	UNKNOWN
As multimodal foundational models start being deployed experimentally in Self-Driving cars, a reasonable question we ask ourselves is how similar to humans do these systems respond in certain driving situations -- especially those that are out-of-distribution?	UNKNOWN
Here, we demonstrate a template-free method for the design of highly porous (porosity > 84%) metal nitride films with high compositional versatility, as demonstrated for Cu3N, W2N, MoNx and TiN.	UNKNOWN
Importantly, single B-centers with $g^{(2)}(0) < 0.5$ were able to be generated in the as-grown hBN when carbon additions during growth exceeded 2.5 wt.% C. Resonant excitation measurements revealed linewidths of 3.5 GHz with only moderate spectral diffusion present, demonstrating the applicability of the as-grown hBN as a host for high quality B-centers.	UNKNOWN
In this white paper, we provide a comprehensive hierarchical summary of vision-language tasks in RS, categorized by the varying levels of cognitive capability required.	UNKNOWN
In contrast, for graphs with non-negative Bakry-\'Emery curvature, we prove that the first Betti number of the path homology is bounded above by the minimum combinatorial vertex degree minus one.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we study the geometric decomposition of the degree-$0$ Persistent Homology Transform (PHT) as viewed as a persistence diagram bundle.	UNKNOWN
At the level of homotopy categories, this establishes an equivalence between the contraderived category of $C^{*}(X)$-contramodules and the homotopy category of dg presheaves.	UNKNOWN
It also struggles with experiment execution: 42% of experiments failed due to coding errors, while others produced flawed or misleading results.	UNKNOWN
Among them, the internal tangent functor is obtained as the left Kan extension of the tangent functor for manifolds.	UNKNOWN
The UAE can use its vast solar energy resources to produce cost-competitive hydrogen at scale, securing so its aviation fuel supply.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, we employ contrastive learning to refine cross-modal alignments at three distinct scales: token-atom, multitoken-motif, and sentence-molecule, ensuring that the similarities between correctly matched text-molecule pairs are maximized while those of unmatched pairs are minimized.	UNKNOWN
We then assessed the performance of four VLMs of varying sizes on this dataset.	UNKNOWN
To quantify the location of an individual account in the network, we used the Hodge decomposition method and found that the Hodge potential of the account has a significant correlation to its position in the bowtie structure as well as to its net flow of incoming and outgoing money and links, namely the net demand/supply of individual accounts.	UNKNOWN
Inside a cell, heterotypic proteins assemble in inhomogeneous, crowded systems where the abundance of these proteins vary with cell types.	UNKNOWN
In a many-to-one matching market, we analyze the matching game induced by a stable rule when firms' choice function satisfy substitutability.	UNKNOWN
We provide a toy model to perform aggregation for production and the labor income as extensive quantities in a neoclassical framework.	UNKNOWN
We demonstrate that these three substitutions impair temperature and pressure stability of GSN but do not increase its susceptibility to furin cleavage, the first event of the canonical aggregation pathway.	UNKNOWN
As text generation systems' outputs are increasingly anthropomorphic -- perceived as human-like -- scholars have also raised increasing concerns about how such outputs can lead to harmful outcomes, such as users over-relying or developing emotional dependence on these systems.	UNKNOWN
Compared to existing datasets, MapQA expands both the number and diversity of geospatial question types.	UNKNOWN
Strategic behaviour is one of the main explanations for cost overruns.	UNKNOWN
In multi-parameter persistence, the matching distance is defined as the supremum of weighted bottleneck distances on the barcodes given by the restriction of persistence modules to lines with a positive slope.	UNKNOWN
These exact sequences are constructed using homotopy pullback diagrams that include the $\infty$-stack classifying higher $\mathbb{R}$-bundle gerbes with connection.	UNKNOWN
Existing approaches, which are based on static methods, struggle to adapt to dynamic environments, leading to suboptimal performance, higher costs, and increased risk of failure.	UNKNOWN
The agent could be the manufacturer of a new drug, and the principal a regulator deciding whether the drug is approved.	UNKNOWN
We prove that homotopy stability holds for these spaces and compute the stability dimensions explicitly.	UNKNOWN
We empirically demonstrate the performance advantages of CentSmoothie in simulations as well as real datasets.	UNKNOWN
We believe that Mol-AIR represents a significant advancement in drug discovery, offering a more efficient path to discovering novel therapeutics.	UNKNOWN
We will show that the only assumption which is needed for a self-consistent non-linear macro-economic theory is that the well known Quantity Equation, used in corrected formulation, holds at least locally in time.	UNKNOWN
Optical metasurfaces provide novel solutions to label-free biochemical sensing by localizing light resonantly beyond the diffraction limit, thereby selectively enhancing light-matter interactions for improved analytical performance.	UNKNOWN
The bulk-like NV spin properties and bright fluorescence demonstrated in this study significantly improve the sensitivity of ND-based quantum sensors for biological applications.	UNKNOWN
The results show that our method is significantly more accurate and computationally efficient than existing methods.	UNKNOWN
This problem requires a method to define and regulate safe and optimal limits of AI behaviors.	UNKNOWN
We present an argument due to Thom to formulate a priori cohomology obstructions for a projective variety to admit an embedded resolution of singularities, and generalize the argument to a field of characteristic $p > 0$.	UNKNOWN
Since the GPD parameters are obtained for each year and the Goodwin macroeconomics is a time evolving model, we use previously determined, and further extended here, Brazilian GPD parameters, as well as unemployment data, to study the time evolution of these quantities in Brazil from 1981 to 2009 by means of the Goodwin dynamics.	UNKNOWN
Based on tools of symbolic computations, we introduce a new approach and use it to establish rigorous conditions of the local stability for these models.	UNKNOWN
After the recent ground-breaking advances in protein structure prediction, one of the remaining challenges in protein machine learning is to reliably predict distributions of structural states.	UNKNOWN
We then show that almost all RUMs can be represented by a population in which at least some decision-makers are irrational and that under specific conditions their irrational behavior is unconstrained.	UNKNOWN
However, despite many efforts to improve SPAD's performance, the design of SPADs remained largely an iterative and time-consuming process where a designer makes educated guesses of a device structure based on empirical reasoning and solves the semiconductor drift-diffusion model for it.	UNKNOWN
In this Letter, we study the optical heating of spatially dispersive solids due to electronic light scattering (ELS), a phenomenon driven by indirect optical transitions.	UNKNOWN
However, to become a definitive powerful tool, it must be widely comprehended.	UNKNOWN
The proof involves a careful analysis of minimal geodesics on the tetrahedron.	UNKNOWN
For this case, we design a mechanism that obtains at least a constant fraction of the optimal welfare, by using a menu of posted prices.	UNKNOWN
Finally, leveraging the above, we show that K-theory of endomorphisms satisfies the theorem of the heart for weight structures, even allowing coefficients in a suitable bimodule.	UNKNOWN
We observe a dramatic crystalline orientation dependence of the Gilbert damping constant of a factor of two and a giant intrinsic spin Hall conductivity, $\mathit{\sigma_{\rm SHC}}=(6.08\pm 0.02)\times 10^{5}$ ($\hbar/2e$) $\Omega^{-1} m^{-1}$, an order of magnitude higher than literature values of multilayer Co$_{\rm 2}$MnGa stacks [1-3] and single-layer Ni, Co, Fe [4], and Ni$_{\rm 80}$Fe$_{\rm 20}$~[4,5].	UNKNOWN
PLFs are emerging as one of the main applications within Decentralized Finance (DeFi), and use smart contract code to facilitate the intermediation of loanable funds.	UNKNOWN
Given an $\infty$-category $\mathcal{C}$ with pullbacks, its $(\infty,2)$-category $\mathbf{Span}(\mathcal{C})$ of spans has the universal property of freely adding right adjoints to morphisms in $\mathcal{C}$ satisfying a Beck--Chevalley condition.	UNKNOWN
Their (zero-sum) game has the payoff kernel $W_\theta(X)/D(X)$, where $W_\theta(X)$ is the trader's final wealth and $D(X)$ is the final wealth that would have accrued to a $\$1$ deposit into the best constant-rebalanced portfolio (or fixed-fraction betting scheme) determined in hindsight.	UNKNOWN
The left and right divergence are shown to be rather easily computable in favourable cases.	UNKNOWN
The evolution of cooperation is closely related to the preferred group-size distribution.	UNKNOWN
Two critical questions about intergenerational outcomes are: one, whether significant barriers or traps exist between different social or economic strata; and two, the extent to which intergenerational outcomes do (or can be used to) affect individual investment and consumption decisions.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, for every $\infty$-category with finite limits $\mathcal{C}$, we introduce a notion of a birelative $2$-Segal object in $\mathcal{C}$ and establish a similar equivalence with the $\infty$-category of bimodule objects in spans.	UNKNOWN
We identify a generalization of the rule, called Approval-IRV, that allows voters more freedom by allowing them to give equal preference to several candidates.	UNKNOWN
The utilization of glycolysis in aerobic conditions have been a subject of debate for more than a century.	UNKNOWN
In addition, the obtained existence results can include many typical results for alpha-core solutions and some recent existence results as special cases.	UNKNOWN
(healthy cell line without expression of HER2 receptors as control), showing that the SKBR3 cell line had a higher transport rate (50-fold) than HDFa at 60 min with LLNCs-{\alpha}HER2.	UNKNOWN
Researchers have proposed many aggregation methods, although on the question of which is best the general consensus is that there is no consensus.	UNKNOWN
This generalizes the Hopkins-Smith thick subcategory theorem (the $d=1$ case) and the $C_2$-equivariant thick subcategory theorem (the $d=2$ case).	UNKNOWN
Finally, we test our method on an economic network (i.e. the countries-products World Trade Web representation) and a social network (i.e. MovieLens, collecting the users' ratings of a list of movies).	UNKNOWN
To establish these results, I develop new tools for analyzing non-normalized discounted repeated games with endogenous exit, where commitment actions vary with the regime's patience.	UNKNOWN
We show that if every bidder individually uses the PRD update rule whenever they are included in the group of bidders selected by the adversary, then (in the generic case) the entire dynamic converges to a competitive equilibrium of the market.	UNKNOWN
These are special proteins capable of changing their shape to allow ions to pass through membranes in response to stimuli like membrane tension.	UNKNOWN
Precise estimates of clinical parameters fundamental to cancer modeling have been produced - such as the rate of acquired resistance to various pharmaceuticals, the relationship between drug concentration and cancer cell death, as well as the fine temporal dynamics of vascular remodeling in response to bevacizumab.	UNKNOWN
Experiments of unconditional generation on the QM9 and Zinc datasets show that our model is capable of generalizing molecular patterns seen during the training phase, without overfitting.	UNKNOWN
We analyze both the ranking induced by these predictions and optimal resource allocation.	UNKNOWN
Neural manifolds summarize the intrinsic structure of the information encoded by a population of neurons.	UNKNOWN
We outline how this framework can be integrated into urban analytics -- and other decision-making contexts -- to retain minority viewpoints, adapt to changing stakeholder concerns, and enhance fairness and accountability.	UNKNOWN
They are widely studied in game theory, economics, and multiagent systems.	UNKNOWN
Reserve systems are used to accommodate multiple essential or underrepresented groups in allocating indivisible scarce resources by creating categories that prioritize their respective beneficiaries.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we present a prediction model based on deep CNN and the candle charts, the continuous time stock information is processed.	UNKNOWN
By incorporating additional physical processes, FuXi-RTM paves the way for next-generation weather forecasting systems that are both accurate and physically consistent.	UNKNOWN
These measurements provided the wave amplitudes and speeds as a function of relative humidity, and these data were used to calculate the elastic moduli and ultrasonic attenuation of the xerogel-water composite.	UNKNOWN
Large Language Models (LLMs) demonstrate impressive performance across diverse tasks, yet confidence calibration remains a challenge.	UNKNOWN
Here we show that the Bitcoin currency in itself is not special, but may rather be understood as the contemporary dominating crypto-currency that may well be replaced by other currencies.	UNKNOWN
"We extend a well known result that Coxeter groups are $\mathrm{CAT}(0)$ to a class of Shephard groups that have ""enough"" finite parabolic subgroups."	UNKNOWN
The multidomain protein gelsolin (GSN) is composed of six homologous modules, sequentially named G1 to G6.	UNKNOWN
A plausible counterview may attribute the underperformance of these models to their excessive parameterizations, inducing expressivity at the expense of generalization.	UNKNOWN
We prove that these problems are solvable when the fundamental group of the base space is a free group of countable rank.	UNKNOWN
Since equilibrium actions depend on higher order beliefs, it is difficult to characterize behavior.	UNKNOWN
We apply a robust regularization protocol to avoid overfitting, and additionally introduce and compare a number of different regularization strategies, namely L1-, L2-, Kish Size-, Relative Kish Size- and Relative Entropy-penalties.	UNKNOWN
We are in the middle of a complex debate as to whether Economics is really a proper natural science.	UNKNOWN
The study found that the implicit government guarantee on municipal investment bonds does indeed help to raise the credit ratings assigned by credit rating agencies.	UNKNOWN
The ability of gathering newcomers depends on the result of job matching process in past business years.	UNKNOWN
The persistence barcode (equivalently, the persistence diagram), which can be obtained from the interval decomposition of a persistence module, plays a pivotal role in applications of persistent homology.	UNKNOWN
The method provides important new options of monitoring a metasurface aging as well as incorrect switching related to technological defects.	UNKNOWN
This extends a core feature of PI in choice functions.	UNKNOWN
We show empirical examples within the Foreign Exchange market where the new measure not only quantifies liquidity but also acts as an early warning signal.	UNKNOWN
This work will highlight the hierarchisation difficulties with the entities composing the models created as well as the limits of a generic approach.	UNKNOWN
While not the primary focus, we also attempted to reproduce key performance metrics to verify model behavior and adaptability.	UNKNOWN
We also show that an increase in the degree of heterogeneity in preferences for location leads to a more even spatial distribution of economic activities and thus also reduces the spatial inequality between regions.	UNKNOWN
We also construct a distributive lattice whose elements are the $S$-model categories of filtered chain complexes.	UNKNOWN
For Lie groupoids with Riemannian structures in the sense of del Hoyo-Fernandes, and for Cartan-Lie groupoids with Riemannian structures in the sense of Kotov-Strobl, we study the Riemannian structures induced on the suborbifolds of the inertia space given by images of isotropy groups.	UNKNOWN
This work reports topological extraordinary properties of sound transmission through topological states in sonic crystals denominated Suzuki phase, consisting of a rectangular lattice of vacancies created in a triangular lattice.	UNKNOWN
In addition, we demonstrate that NN parameters can be used to understand the MMF properties by reconstructing the approximate transmission matrices, and we show that the image reconstruction accuracy is directly related to the temperature dependence of the MMF's transmission characteristics.	UNKNOWN
We believe that moving forward from this approach can lead to considerable gains.	UNKNOWN
In this work, we introduce the first VFL framework with theoretically guaranteed unlearning capabilities, enabling the removal of any data at any time.	UNKNOWN
"Moreover, using latency reversing agents or ""block and lock"" drugs pose additional considerations, including the ability to cause cellular toxicity, a potential lack of specificity for HIV, or low potency when each agent is used alone."	UNKNOWN
We extend Babinet's relations, which are originally derived for transmissive metasurfaces, to reflective metasurfaces embedding planar metallic structures in a substrate containing a reflection mirror.	UNKNOWN
Particularly, we propose two dimensions to relax core requirements: one is on the degree of distance improvement, and the other is on the size of deviating coalition.	UNKNOWN
Our main tools used to analyse the systemic risk dynamics in the European insurance sector during the years 2005-2019 are the topological indices of minimum spanning trees (MST) and the deltaCoVaR measure.	UNKNOWN
However, these methods have clear limitations: biased towards unseen content, or vulnerable to common image degradations, such as JPEG compression.	UNKNOWN
We also investigate the interplay between code parameters using our RL framework, offering new insights into the potential efficiency and power of practically viable coding strategies.	UNKNOWN
In general, we train Uni$\textbf{F}^2$ace on a self-constructed, specialized dataset utilizing two mutually beneficial diffusion techniques and a two-level mixture-of-experts architecture.	UNKNOWN
We show that the change in our score is bounded by a function of the eigenvalues corresponding to the remaining (unused) N-K principal components and hence is small when the first K principal components capture most of the variation in the time series embeddings.	UNKNOWN
"To analyze this transformation, we incorporate AI into an economy where humans form hierarchical organizations: Less knowledgeable individuals become ""workers"" doing routine work, while others become ""solvers"" handling exceptions."	UNKNOWN
This demonstrates DeCAP's efficacy in enhancing the fairness and accuracy of LLMs in diverse QA settings.	UNKNOWN
Lastly, we show that given any profunctor from $D$ to $C$, the homologies of $C$, $D$, and the cograph form a long exact sequence.	UNKNOWN
The pessimistic calibrated regret is the highest calibrated regret of outcomes compatible with the observed data.	UNKNOWN
For all five games, we find that both ABM and NEM, in conjunction with game magnetization, provide crucial inputs on how cooperative behaviour can emerge in an infinite-player repeated Prisoner's dilemma game.	UNKNOWN
This paper addresses this long-standing deficiency through the realization of optical magnetic trapping of large index of refraction (i.e., Si) nanoparticles and also presents a formalism for quantitative understanding of the experimental findings.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, numerical results demonstrate that the stochastic mechanism performs well when the bidders' value distribution is accurately estimated, while the regret-based mechanism exhibits greater robustness under estimation errors.	UNKNOWN
This paper aims to explore the mechanical effect of a company's share repurchase on earnings per share (EPS).	UNKNOWN
For specialized terminology, our cased tokenizer is even more efficient, using up to 83% fewer tokens for legal terms and 39% fewer tokens for financial terms.	UNKNOWN
However, GPUs in this CPU stage remain idle, resulting in low GPU utilization and restricting the capacity of large-scale structure predictions.	UNKNOWN
Accurately measuring the thermal properties of buried interfaces is crucial for understanding heat transport in multilayered materials, particularly in applications such as batteries and integrated circuits.	UNKNOWN
This is a Topological Data Analysis (TDA) based descriptor that refines previous descriptors for image analysis.	UNKNOWN
Sophisticated fabrication techniques, together with the implementation of numerical simulations, have allowed the engineering of nanostructures for the controlled directional generation and detection of high-frequency acoustic phonons at the nanoscale, with many potential applications in telecommunications, sensing, mechanical switching, and energy transport.	UNKNOWN
Building upon this platform, the field has witnessed the emergence of various groundbreaking electro-optic devices surpassing the current state of the art, and introducing functionalities that were previously non-existent.	UNKNOWN
The Vietoris-Rips filtration, the standard filtration on metric data in topological data analysis, is notoriously sensitive to outliers.	UNKNOWN
The results are formulated in terms of invariant polynomials and the representation ring of $G$.	UNKNOWN
We verify the conjectures due to Lewis, Reiner and Stanton about the Hilbert series of the invariant ring of the truncated polynomial ring for all parabolic subgroups up to rank $3$. This is done by constructing an explicit set of generators for each invariant ring in question.	UNKNOWN
The effect is similar to the Poynting-Robertson effect causing loss of orbital momentum of dust particles around stars, but can be enhanced by design of the sail's geometry.	UNKNOWN
We develop a radically new approach whose main innovative features are 1.)	UNKNOWN
In particular, every element in this range is either $\tau^1$-torsion or $\tau$-free.	UNKNOWN
Despite extensive progress, there are clear field-wide challenges, for example in determining the best in silico metrics to prioritise designs for experimental testing, and in designing proteins that can undergo large conformational changes or be regulated by post-translational modifications and other cellular processes.	UNKNOWN
We test the performance of the obtained portfolios in an extensive empirical analysis based on real-world datasets.	UNKNOWN
Text-to-image diffusion models excel at generating diverse portraits, but lack intuitive shadow control.	UNKNOWN
Most of the recently proposed methods use single drug-drug similarity and target-target similarity information for DTI prediction, which are unable to take advantage of the abundant information regarding various types of similarities between them.	UNKNOWN
However, in many important cases, most notably auctions, there is a large multitude of safety level strategies, thus making the choice unclear.	UNKNOWN
The distinctive properties of the near-infrared spectrum, including its selective absorption by biomolecules that bind to specific sites within tissues, minimal autofluorescence, and reduced light scattering, make it an appealing option for cancer imaging.	UNKNOWN
This work addresses both issues to build a fast, transferable, and reliable generative backmapping tool for CG protein representations.	UNKNOWN
We prove that the resulting envy-free matching is uniquely determined up to the choice of an initial envy-free matching, and can be found in polynomial time.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, the interpretation results can provide significant features and potential substructures consistently aligning with background knowledge.	UNKNOWN
The classical variational approach to brittle fracture propagation does not distinguish between strain energy accumulation in tension versus compression and consequently results in physically unrealistic cracking under compression.	UNKNOWN
The problem of a high level of multicollinearity between them is solved by using principal components analysis.	UNKNOWN
This is essentially just a notation system for actions of compact connected groups $K$ on $X$ (accessible classically via tom Dieck/Atiyah-Bott/Duistermaat-Heckmann).	UNKNOWN
This task also carries fundamental importance to numerous real-world applications, including de-novo drug and molecular design.	UNKNOWN
"We revisit the classic paper of Tirole ""Asset Bubbles and Overlapping Generations"" (1985, Econometrica), which shows that the emergence of asset bubbles solves the capital over-accumulation problem."	UNKNOWN
Our work provides the first quantitative evidence of the LMF model.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, the investigation of these indices includes a study on the quantitative structure-property relationship (QSPR).	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we obtain the condition that the map $\Theta$ is surjective or not in rational cohomology when $\pi$ is $\mathbf{Z}^m$ for $m\geq 3$ and $G$ is a compact connected Lie group.	UNKNOWN
According to the results, the optimal biofouling management strategy would consist of a biocidal-free coating with regular in-water cleaning and with devices collecting the material.	UNKNOWN
We demonstrate performance advantages of our bilevel framework for synthesizable analog generation and synthesizable molecule design.	UNKNOWN
Our findings rely on agent-based simulations, but analytical results are also obtained in a special case.	UNKNOWN
Combining first-person video, MLLMs show promising potential for understanding human activities through video and audio, enabling many human-computer interaction and human-augmentation applications such as human activity support, real-world agents, and skill transfer to robots or other individuals.	UNKNOWN
It is shown that the values of the electric field intensity for which the regime of a charge motion changes are different in chains with different values of the coupling constant.	UNKNOWN
In particular, the road transport sector has been blamed to be one of the major emitters.	UNKNOWN
The experimental data highlights PepHarmony's exceptional capability in capturing the intricate relationship between peptide sequences and structures compared with the baseline and fine-tuned models.	UNKNOWN
"Due to the exact version of the Lyapunov convexity theorem in Banach spaces, we clarify that the additional structure of commodity spaces and preferences is unnecessary whenever the measure space of agents is ""saturated""."	UNKNOWN
The AI techniques presented can assist in building better, more reliable and useful ESG ratings systems.	UNKNOWN
DAHLIA employs a dual-tunnel architecture, where an LLM-powered planner collaborates with co-planners to decompose tasks and generate executable plans, while a reporter LLM provides closed-loop feedback, enabling adaptive re-planning and ensuring task recovery from potential failures.	UNKNOWN
By evaluating different forms of the accounting equation governing these processes, we have concluded three key results.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, we lower bound the homological dimension of \v{C}ech complexes of finite subsets of $S^n$ in terms of their packings.	UNKNOWN
Our intended application is to deploy the statistical foundations of van Delft and Blumberg (2023) for time series of random geometric objects in the context of TDA invariants, specifically persistent homology and zigzag persistence.	UNKNOWN
The second, we call it transactional, expresses Fisher information from the perspective of the constant risk of market strategies.	UNKNOWN
We conclude with new drug discovery opportunities associated with kinase signaling networks and using machine/deep learning techniques broadly referred to as structural biomedical data science.	UNKNOWN
An observer wants to understand a decision-maker's welfare from her choice.	UNKNOWN
We observe the topological change of the financial network structure during the global financial crisis.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, we showcase the spatial inhomogeneity brought about by wedge depositon can be suppressed by specific azimuthal engineering design, ideal for practical implementation.	UNKNOWN
Using an example, we explain the main features of the inheritance mechanism.	UNKNOWN
As part of this work, we provide the first open-source library for multi-dimensional auction simulations written in Python.	UNKNOWN
Many of the peculiarities associated with FUS may also be shared by other IDPs, such as TDP43 and hnRNPA2.	UNKNOWN
This process often employs heuristics grounded in the practices and behaviors of these entities.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, we provide the indecomposable direct summands for each persistence module.	UNKNOWN
It gives rise to order parameters (OPs) that capture how task relations and network architecture influence forgetting and anterograde interference, as verified by numerical evaluations.	UNKNOWN
Extensive evaluations show that our method not only maintains semantic consistency but also surpasses state-of-the-art baselines in attack effectiveness.	UNKNOWN
The emergence of Multimodal Large Language Models (MLLMs), which can process both visual and textual data, presents an opportunity to unify perception and reasoning tasks within a single framework.	UNKNOWN
A priori these subcomplexes depend not only on the filtration itself, but also on the choice of additional structures.	UNKNOWN
We detect that Hurst exponents changes significantly during the first years of existence of Bitcoin, tending to stabilize in recent times.	UNKNOWN
Here, we leverage recent advances in denoising diffusion probabilistic models and equivariant neural networks to develop Genie, a generative model of protein structures that performs discrete-time diffusion using a cloud of oriented reference frames in 3D space.	UNKNOWN
We use methods from network science to analyze corruption risk in a large administrative dataset of over 4 million public procurement contracts from European Union member states covering the years 2008-2016.	UNKNOWN
Material science is an important foundation of modern society development, covering significant areas like chemosynthesis and metamaterials.	UNKNOWN
Several statistical methods, such as the reduced-rank model for multivariate (multiple) time series (Velu et al., 1986; Reinsel and Velu, 1998; Reinsel et al., 2022) and the Envelope VAR model (Wang and Ding, 2018), provide solutions for achieving dimension reduction of the parameter space of the VAR model.	UNKNOWN
A biodegradable polymer such as PLA or PLGA is the most effective carrier for encapsulating lycopene due to its excellent biodegradability, biocompatibility, and nontoxigenic effect on the human metabolic system.	UNKNOWN
How technology affects growth or employment has long been debated.	UNKNOWN
We propose to design dual-target drugs with diffusion models that are trained on single-target protein-ligand complex pairs.	UNKNOWN
Using financial networks constructed from real Italian money market data and using realistic parameters, we show that the cascade risk can be substantially reduced by a small rate of taxation and by means of a simple strategy of the money transfer from the rescue fund to interbanking market subjects.	UNKNOWN
Here, we introduce an inverse-design framework for the discovery of flexible mechanical metamaterials with a target nonlinear dynamic response.	UNKNOWN
In this work, we introduce LICO, a general-purpose model that extends arbitrary base LLMs for black-box optimization, with a particular application to the molecular domain.	UNKNOWN
For an odd prime $p$, we determine the $p$-primary component of the Farrell cohomology of the pure mapping class groups of a non orientable surface of genus $p$ with $k\geqslant 1$ marked points.	UNKNOWN
For games of strategic complements, the optimal mechanisms maximally correlate the players' actions, and conversely maximally anticorrelate them for games of strategic substitutes.	UNKNOWN
(4) We also compile and summarize the available resources and datasets to facilitate future work.	UNKNOWN
Polarization-dependent dynamical properties of light as the spin angular momentum (SAM), helicity, and chirality are conserved quantities in free-space.	UNKNOWN
The performance of the probe is demonstrated by doing thermal measurements in-contact with a sapphire sample.	UNKNOWN
The optical absorption layer is composed of GeSn alloy, whose bandgap could be tailored by choosing the appropriate Sn concentration.	UNKNOWN
We present a dataset of 11,644 entities extracted from 1,137 papers, resulting in 268 papers with at least one complete seed-mediated gold nanorod growth procedure and outcome for a total of 332 complete procedures.	UNKNOWN
This technique, however, has proven quite challenging for measuring low frequencies because of the effects of metal-alkali atoms absorbing on the interior surface of the vacuum enclosure.	UNKNOWN
Our main result is that so long as a bidder believes that the auctioneer lacks commitment to follow the rule of the declared auction then the bidder will make a higher profit by choosing the tCPA format over the mCPA format.	UNKNOWN
As one of these fair mechanisms, the uniform rank-minimizing mechanism is considered.	UNKNOWN
Thus, the use of memorizing generative models in the medical domain can jeopardize patient privacy.	UNKNOWN
We show that if the first mover deploys any algorithm with a no-regret guarantee, and then the second mover even approximately optimizes within this now static environment, monopoly-like prices arise.	UNKNOWN
To address these challenges, we propose AdaNovo, a novel framework that calculates conditional mutual information (CMI) between the spectrum and each amino acid/peptide, using CMI for adaptive model training.	UNKNOWN
The commitment power of senders distinguishes Bayesian persuasion problems from other games with (strategic) communication.	UNKNOWN
Deep learning has contributed to major advances in the prediction of protein structure from sequence, a fundamental problem in structural bioinformatics.	UNKNOWN
We propose two pre-training objectives: Masked Reaction Centre Reconstruction (MRCR) and Reaction Centre Identification (RCI).	UNKNOWN
"Allocating to each agent ""the fruit of their own labor"" is typically ill-depned, so we look for tight approximations of this decentralised ideal."	UNKNOWN
Compared to the leading model ESM3, our method achieves an average of 6.31% performance improvement across 24 supervised tasks, with sensitivity and utilization rates increased by 12.83% and 124.03%, respectively.	UNKNOWN
If we consider these episodes as periods of high risk aversion, then lower asset prices are in fact associated with higher risk aversion.	UNKNOWN
A novel, obviously strategy-proof mechanism, devised by Arribillaga et al. (2023), does not improve performance.	UNKNOWN
We prove a version of Quillen's theorems for a map of semi-Segal spaces.	UNKNOWN
This technological advancement also creates opportunities for utilizing these devices in new applications.	UNKNOWN
Until in-situ data from an atmospheric probe becomes available, a more conservative global min-max estimate is recommended to accommodate the worst-case scenario.	UNKNOWN
To address this issue, we propose a novel AI-driven method for an objective tiebreaking mechanism.	UNKNOWN
Perpendicular magnetic tunnel junctions (pMTJs) actuated by nanosecond pulses are emerging as promising devices for true random number generation (TRNG) due to their intrinsic stochastic behavior and high throughput.	UNKNOWN
To achieve this, we prove that the Floer homotopy type of the cotangent fiber is given by the stable homotopy type of the based loop space of the zero section.	UNKNOWN
The sample with the highest polymer content showed the lowest rate of cavity formation and higher durability of silica structures.	UNKNOWN
The model integrates: 1) a pre-processing module for feature alignment, missing value handling, and EEG de-trending; 2) a feature extraction module for complex sleep features in the time dimension; and 3) a dynamic fusion module for real-time modality weighting.	UNKNOWN
We consider that a government collects a proportion of income and reduces it by a fraction as costs for administration (efficiency losses).	UNKNOWN
However, both the Q and k_t^2 of resonator devices formed in traditional uniform polarization piezoelectric films of aluminum nitride (AlN) and aluminum scandium nitride (AlScN) decrease when scaled beyond 8 GHz.	UNKNOWN
This allows us to construct dialectical proof trees as explanations, which are more expressive and arguably more intuitive than existing explanation formalisms.	UNKNOWN
This paper studies a joint design problem where a seller can design both the signal structures for the agents to learn their values, and the allocation and payment rules for selling the item.	UNKNOWN
This is enabled by the new closed-form expressions for spatial autocorrelation features.	UNKNOWN
Process reward models (PRMs) have shown success in complex reasoning tasks for large language models (LLMs).	UNKNOWN
We obtain new computational information about $\mathbb{C}$-motivic and classical stable homotopy groups.	UNKNOWN
We tie the propagation of the Steenrod algebra actions on polyhedral joins to those on moment-angle complexes.	UNKNOWN
Low gate-to-drain leakage current of up to 5 x 10-7 A/cm2 were obtained in the metal-oxide-semiconductor structures.	UNKNOWN
In the former, we address the stable set and clique games and in the latter, we address the matroid independent set game.	UNKNOWN
However, dataset heterogeneity and task variations pose challenges in developing robust deep learning solutions.	UNKNOWN
"Our works shows that even nominally ``bad"" memristive devices can be improved by reducing the leakage current and increases the sample resistance at cryogenic temperatures."	UNKNOWN
The subclass of hedonic games that models the formation of general partnerships, where output is shared equally among affiliates, is referred to as hedonic games with common ranking property (HGCRP).	UNKNOWN
We analyze the wave propagation in the system and find that the interaction between the eigenmodes can either lead to gain or loss depending on the propagation distance.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, we present a novel benchmark suite for evaluating planning algorithms in various highly challenging scenarios, including interactive driving, such as turning at intersections, and adaptive driving, in which the task is to closely follow a lead vehicle without any explicit knowledge of its intention.	UNKNOWN
We analyze the impacts of wind and PV power feed-in on the day-ahead market for a region that is already today experiencing significant feed-in tariff (FIT)-subsidized RES power feed-in, the EPEX German-Austrian market zone ($\approx\,$20% FIT share).	UNKNOWN
This paper proposes a connection between algebraic K-theory and foam cobordisms, where foams are stratified manifolds with singularities of a prescribed form.	UNKNOWN
We develop a tractable model of realization utility that studies the role of reference-dependent S-shaped preferences in a dynamic investment setting with reinvestment.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, we adopt a mean-variance utility function for farmers to effectively capture the risk associated with anticipated profits.	UNKNOWN
Through simulations, we show that the survival of the signaling population depends crucially on the timing and the efficiency of weapon used in inter-group conflicts.	UNKNOWN
Conversely, for binary signals, differential privacy noise hinders learning, as agents tend to use a constant randomized response strategy before an information cascade forms, reducing action informativeness and hampering the overall process.	UNKNOWN
We show that in any undominated mechanism, there is a quantity floor, which depends only on the primitives, and the regulator's operation decision is stochastic only if the monopolist produces at the quantity floor.	UNKNOWN
The characterization uses a geometric approach based on the power diagram characterization in the single-task setting ([Lambert and Shoham, 2009, Frongillo and Witkowski, 2017]).	UNKNOWN
Real-world acoustic scattering experiments allow us to observe perfect non-reciprocal transmission of audible sound in a synchronisation-based 3-port circulator with full immunity against losses.	UNKNOWN
The emergence of deep learning led to the broad usage of neural networks in the time series domain for various applications, including finance and medicine.	UNKNOWN
Through numerical experiments, we show that our method reduces peak memory by 2.17 to 2.82, improves throughput by 2.45 to 3.60, and achieves more favorable benchmark scores than existing KV cache quantization algorithms.	UNKNOWN
We consider two examples to verify the proposed method's advantages: anomaly detection of stock data and topological analysis of music data.	UNKNOWN
We first provide a broad overview of latest studies on it to identify not only domain-specific challenges but opportunities with potential solutions, some of which are suggested as promising directions for future research.	UNKNOWN
As an application we construct enriched Kan-extensions from operadic Kan-extensions, compute the monad for enriched functors, prove an end formula for morphism objects of enriched $\infty$-categories of enriched functors and a coend formula for the relative tensor product of enriched profunctors and construct transfer of enrichment from scalar extension of presentably bitensored $\infty$-categories.	UNKNOWN
In this paper we introduce some axioms and demonstrate they hold in a variety of models, including common models related to $\infty$-category theory.	UNKNOWN
As a consequence, we obtain a characterization of Dwyer-Kan equivalences between Segal $\Theta_n$ spaces.	UNKNOWN
Tests on real financial instruments prove the competence of our approach.	UNKNOWN
There is great interest to develop artificial intelligence-based protein-ligand affinity models due to their immense applications in drug discovery.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, we establish theoretical stability guarantees under this framework as well as efficient algorithms for practical computation, making this framework an applicable and versatile tool for analyzing geometric and point cloud data.	UNKNOWN
In-context learning, incorporating examples during testing, boosted performance up to three-fold, suggesting adaptability as a key strength.	UNKNOWN
DisProt offers detailed information on the structural states of IDPs/IDRs, including state transitions, interactions, and their functions, all provided as curated annotations.	UNKNOWN
Relying on the idea that the base pair fluctuations can be conceived as trajectories, I have built a computational method based on the time dependent path integral formalism to derive the partition function.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, the increasing scale of these datasets provides a challenge for random search-based methods.	UNKNOWN
We have previously described the behavior of ACBP under tension, revealing a highly extended transition state (TS) located almost halfway between the unfolded and native states.	UNKNOWN
The data-driven worker agent is a large language model being fine-tuned to learn how to generate optimized molecules considering multiple objectives, while the literature-guided research agent is responsible for searching task-related literature to find useful prior knowledge that facilitates identifying the most promising optimized candidates.	UNKNOWN
We encode a digital message as rf amplitude, spread among sixteen channels from \SI{29}{\kilo\hertz} to \SI{33}{\kilo\hertz} in a noisy magnetic environment, and observe quantum-noise-limited rf magnetic signal recovery enabled by quantum-noise-limited dc noise cancellation, reaching noise rejection of \SI{15}{\decibel} at \SI{100}{\hertz} and more than \SI{20}{\decibel} at \SI{60}{\hertz} and below.	UNKNOWN
High-throughput drug screening -- using cell imaging or gene expression measurements as readouts of drug effect -- is a critical tool in biotechnology to assess and understand the relationship between the chemical structure and biological activity of a drug.	UNKNOWN
"In particular, we show that M\""obius homology categorifies the M\""obius inversion, as its Euler characteristic coincides with the M\""obius inversion applied to the dimension function of the representation."	UNKNOWN
As we show that randomizing over divisor methods can only partially overcome this issue, we propose a relaxed version of divisor methods in which the total number of seats may slightly deviate from the house size.	UNKNOWN
This time-dependent rheological behavior of such complex fluid-like materials is not captured by steady shear-thinning models often used to describe these materials.	UNKNOWN
Yet, current mid-infrared photothermal imaging sensitivity suffers from a weak dependance of scattering on temperature and the image quality is vulnerable to the speckles caused by scattering.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we answer this question by calculating the $r^{\text{th}}$-sequential topological complexity of $\text{conf}(n,w)$, the ordered configuration space of $n$ open unit-diameter disks in the infinite strip of width $w$. We prove that as long as $n$ is greater than $w$, the $r^{\text{th}}$-sequential topological complexity of $\text{conf}(n,w)$ is $r\big(n-\big\lceil\frac{n}{w}\big\rceil\big)$.	UNKNOWN
In the second step, such a fiber is again immersed in the HF acid for 60-80 minutes.	UNKNOWN
We conclude by suggesting uses of our framework, discussing its flexibility through customization, and outlining potential future improvements.	UNKNOWN
We present the Medical X-ray Attention (MXA) block, a novel attention mechanism tailored specifically to address the unique challenges of X-ray abnormality detection.	UNKNOWN
We also construct Chern numbers in this setting, prove the motivic version of the Anderson--Brown--Peterson theorem and briefly discuss classes of Calabi--Yau varieties in the $\mathrm{SL}$-cobordism ring.	UNKNOWN
We study the relation between the persistent homology and the spectral sequence of a filtered chain complex over a field.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we give presentations of the mapping class groups of marked surfaces stabilizing boundaries for any genus.	UNKNOWN
We also show the non-finite generation of the 2(j-1)-th homotopy group by using the 3-loop part.	UNKNOWN
The objective of firms in our setting is to choose their supply relationships so as to maximize their profit at the general equilibrium that unfolds.	UNKNOWN
We prove that the loop space of the moment-angle complex associated to the $k$-skeleton of a flag complex belongs to the class $\mathcal{P}$ of spaces homotopy equivalent to a finite type product of spheres and loops on simply connected spheres.	UNKNOWN
SBI allows us to leverage powerful computer algorithms modeling complex biomolecular phenomena to connect scientific models and experiments in a principled way.	UNKNOWN
When the platform is strong, a persistent disagreement equilibrium is likely and the equilibrium polarization is high.	UNKNOWN
The specifications therein emphasize scalability, supporting ethical reasoning at both individual decision-making levels and within the collective dynamics of multi-agent systems.	UNKNOWN
To the best of our knowledge, LogicLearner is the only learning tool that provides an end-to-end practice environment for logic proofs with immediate, judgment-free feedback.	UNKNOWN
The building climate industry and its influence on energy consumption have consequences on the environment due to the emission of greenhouse gasses.	UNKNOWN
We also generalize Schmeidler's (1967) result to the case of restricted cooperation too.	UNKNOWN
Optimal public-good provision might be a non-monotonic function of the outside option public-good level.	UNKNOWN
We ask a basic question about the resulting stable matching: How noisy is the set of matched students?	UNKNOWN
Extensive experiments on eight classification and one segmentation datasets demonstrate that GMR-Conv not only matches conventional CNNs' performance but can also surpass it in applications with orientation-less data.	UNKNOWN
The group $G$ is an inner form of the special linear $\mathbb{Q}$-group $SL_4$. Each torsion-free subgroup $\Gamma \subset SL_{\Lambda}(\mathbb{Z})$ determines a hyperbolic $5$-manifold, to be denoted $X_G/\Gamma$. Given a principal congruence subgroup $\Gamma(\frak{p}^e)$, we determine the number of ends and the dimensions of the cohomology groups at infinity of the manifold $X_G/\Gamma(\frak{p}^e)$.	UNKNOWN
With the coating of $Ta_2 O_5$, the resolution improves to 4.55 x ${10^{-6}}$ making the proposed sensor design undoubtedly effective in detecting different biological samples with a wide range of RI.	UNKNOWN
We combine them with the results on sequential TCs of aspherical spaces to obtain results on spaces that are not necessarily aspherical.	UNKNOWN
In this article we explore an estimation of the prior probability of the thesis predicted by the theorem (if there are enough voters, majority rule is a competent decision procedure).	UNKNOWN
For any group $G$ of self homotopy equivalences of the finite nilpotent complex $X$, acting nilpotently on its homology, and for any nilpotent subcomplex $A$, we prove that the universal fibration $$ X \longrightarrow B(*,{\rm aut}^{A}_G(X),X)\longrightarrow B{\rm aut}^{A}_G(X), $$ which classifies $A$-fibrations for which the image of the $A$-holonomy action lies in $G$, has a Lie model of the form $$ L\longrightarrow L\widetilde\times {\cal D}er^ML\longrightarrow{\cal D}er^ML $$ in which: $M\hookrightarrow L$ is a Lie model of $A\hookrightarrow X$ and ${\cal D}er^ML$ is a connected complete differential graded Lie algebra of derivations of $L$ which vanish on $M$. The rational homotopy type of extended relative mapping fibrations is also similarly characterized.	UNKNOWN
While many good textbooks are available on Protein Structure, Molecular Simulations, Thermodynamics and Bioinformatics methods in general, there is no good introductory level book for the field of Structural Bioinformatics.	UNKNOWN
A fundamental question is thereby to what extend individual firm size fluctuations can have a noticeable impact on the overall economy.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, we give a sufficient condition for $S_\bullet \mathcal{C}$ to be $2$-Segal.	UNKNOWN
Existing methods focused on execution feedback mainly address syntax issues, leaving semantic errors -- where the query's logic fails to align with the user's intent -- largely unaddressed.	UNKNOWN
A critical challenge for pre-trained generative molecular design (GMD) models is to fine-tune them to be better suited for downstream design tasks aimed at optimizing specific molecular properties.	UNKNOWN
We use quantum walks to find paths in low rank graphs and a quantum algorithm that finds Hamiltonian paths in high hierarchical rank.	UNKNOWN
After setting the approach within the context of current human-AI teaming models, we outline the delegation criteria and apply them to a specific AI-based tool used in histopathology.	UNKNOWN
The main result of this paper also proves that three connection matrix theories in the literature are equivalent in the setting of vector spaces, as well as uniqueness of connection matrices for Morse-Smale gradient systems.	UNKNOWN
However, when solving problems that require more than two states (e.g., problems such as Max-3-Cut, verifying if a graph is K-partite (K>2) etc.), additional pre-processing steps such as graph reduction are required to make the problem compatible with a two-state p-bit platform.	UNKNOWN
$10^{68}$ possible sequences, which nevertheless constitute only the astronomically small fraction $10^{-80}$ of all amino-acid sequences of the same length.	UNKNOWN
Different types of links, for example in terms of maturity and collateralization of the claim/obligation, can be established between financial institutions.	UNKNOWN
However, current models often ignore relationships between molecules, which could be also helpful for MPP.	UNKNOWN
To learn from capability instructions, we introduce a new end-to-end framework called Model Selection with Aptitude Test (Model-SAT), which generates positive and negative samples based on what different models perform well or struggle with.	UNKNOWN
Various uniqueness theorems characterize the chain maps produced by our procedures.	UNKNOWN
Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have demonstrated strong capacity in supporting a wide variety of applications.	UNKNOWN
Based on the magnetic multilayer spintronic devices, we demonstrate the magnetic field-gated Leaky integrate and fire neuron characteristics for the spiking neural network applications.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, this study adds to the existing literature in the realm of simple microeconomic computational models, specifying structural relationships between local governments and firms, consumers and dwellings mediated by distance.	UNKNOWN
In this work, we present a study of fs laser-induced fabrication of low spatial frequency LIPSS (LSFL), with pulse repetition rates ranging from 10 kHz to 2 MHz on commercially available steel.	UNKNOWN
In the second, the localized phase, THz radiation interacts only with the ungated portions of the structure.	UNKNOWN
In a departure from the conventional successive kinetostatic fold compliance framework, the proposed SGD-based iterative algorithm in this paper results in convergence to the local minima of the free energy of protein molecules corresponding to their final folded conformations in a faster and more robust manner.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, compared to existing token reduction methods, our approach demonstrates higher efficiency under high-resolution settings.	UNKNOWN
Impartial selection problems are concerned with the selection of one or more agents from a set based on mutual nominations from within the set.	UNKNOWN
We argue from a physical perspective that only modeling these discrete points is insufficient.	UNKNOWN
This paper studies a mathematical model of city formation by migration of firms and workers.	UNKNOWN
On a suite of 8 applications, Lobster achieves an average speedup of 5.3x over Scallop, a state-of-the-art neurosymbolic framework, and enables scaling of neurosymbolic solutions to previously infeasible tasks.	UNKNOWN
The ordinary and $S_n$-equivariant fundamental groups of the moduli space $\overline{M_{0,n+1}}(\mathbb{R})$ of real $(n+1)$-marked stable curves of genus $0$ are known as \emph{cactus groups} $J_n$ and have applications both in geometry and the representation theory of Lie algebras.	UNKNOWN
Initially, no NV centers were detected post-irradiation, despite the presence of substitutional nitrogen and vacancies.	UNKNOWN
To this end, we propose a Multi-Agent framework Incorporating Socratic guidance (MARS), which utilizes multi-agent fusion technology for automatic planning, with gradual continuous optimization and evaluation.	UNKNOWN
Polymers play a crucial role in the development of engineering materials, with applications ranging from mechanical to biomedical fields.	UNKNOWN
This paper showcases an experimental study on anomaly detection using computer vision.	UNKNOWN
Consider a finite set of trade orders and automated market makers (AMMs) at some state.	UNKNOWN
AI is transforming industries, raising concerns about job displacement and decision making reliability.	UNKNOWN
Our main result is the surprising existence of a novel signaling scheme that simultaneously $8$-approximates all welfare functions that are non-negative, monotonically increasing, symmetric, and concave, compared with any other signaling scheme.	UNKNOWN
Despite being trained on only one dataset, our models demonstrate strong generalizability across various benchmarks.	UNKNOWN
With our technique, we also show that looped transformers significantly improve final performance compared to transformers without looping in the in-context learning of linear regression.	UNKNOWN
The completed database which we have constructed using this matching emphasises the significance of the high-income society class in the analysis of all household incomes.	UNKNOWN
Persistence landscapes are defined for the case of extended zigzag modules using a recent generalization of the rank invariant (Kim, M\'emoli, 2021).	UNKNOWN
Using this cache, we design an adaptive fine-grained masking strategy that dynamically identifies and constrains modifications to relevant regions, preventing unintended changes.	UNKNOWN
In this work, tunable acoustic energy concentrations are realized based on pseudo-spin locking waveguides and topological rainbow trappings.	UNKNOWN
Along the way, we identify the minimal model of the toroidification $\mathcal{T}^k S^4$, generalizing the results of Vigu\'{e}-Poirrier, Sullivan, and Burghelea, and establish an algebraic toroidification/totalization adjunction.	UNKNOWN
This paper introduces GateLens, an LLM-based tool for analyzing tabular data in the automotive domain.	UNKNOWN
Existing approaches\textemdash such as relative positional encodings (e.g., RoPE, ALiBi) and sliding window mechanisms\textemdash partially alleviate these issues but often require additional training or suffer from performance degradation with longer inputs.	UNKNOWN
We introduce a discrete cobordism category for nested manifolds and nested cobordisms between them.	UNKNOWN
We present a theoretical model that accurately predicts the sum-frequency and difference-frequency generation processes and we show that the conversion efficiency can be further enhanced by the application of semiconductor bias fields.	UNKNOWN
To deal with inputs that are not given in terms of presentations, we give an efficient algorithm to compute a presentation of a morphism of persistence modules.	UNKNOWN
These market structures evolve in time, and may remain stable for many years before a new firm emerges and rapidly obtains a large market share.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, serum from EMS-treated rats inhibited antigen uptake by bone marrow-derived DCs (BMDCs), downregulating CD40, CD80, and CD86 expression and altering pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion.	UNKNOWN
Importantly, our research identifies hydration of the binding pocket as giving only a minor contribution to the binding free energy and emphasizes the critical importance of precisely tuning force-field parameters to experimental data.	UNKNOWN
This paper presents a theoretical model of an autocrat who controls the media in an attempt to persuade society of his competence.	UNKNOWN
Having set the scene, we concentrate specifically on the case where the category $C$ is a finite poset.	UNKNOWN
Single-molecule force-extension experiments have allowed quantitative measurements of the mechanical responses of biomolecules to applied forces explaining their roles in key biological functions.	UNKNOWN
Current fairness metrics and mitigation techniques provide tools for practitioners to asses how non-discriminatory Automatic Decision Making (ADM) systems are.	UNKNOWN
Interpreting RNA structures as weighted graphs, we employ deep learning to estimate the probability of base pairing between nucleotide residues.	UNKNOWN
In the absence of pricing restrictions, accidents as well as choices of partial coverage are used in the efficient provision of incentives.	UNKNOWN
The language of probabilities and statistics is often used to describe disagreements quantitatively.	UNKNOWN
Our work lays the groundwork for adapting existing multilingual open models to other low-resource languages.	UNKNOWN
Our solution includes a novel data construction framework with an upper bound on the reasoning chain length.	UNKNOWN
Leveraging multiple sources of information and time-series meta-data, we constructed two distinct causal ground truth graphs (Bavaria and eastern Germany).	UNKNOWN
We developed a semantic text highlighting tool to facilitate expert review of LLM responses.	UNKNOWN
Conversely, the sentiment created via communication has an impact on financial market performance.	UNKNOWN
To address these limitations, we propose the Visually Explainable and Grounded Artificial Social Intelligence (VEGAS) model.	UNKNOWN
This enables a more general theory of homology to be adopted in the study of filtrations of point clouds.	UNKNOWN
However, these models frequently focus on specific material objectives or structural properties, limiting their flexibility when incorporating out-of-domain knowledge into the design process or comprehensive data analysis is required.	UNKNOWN
Machine learning (ML) has proven successful in protein design, reducing the need for expensive wet lab experiment rounds.	UNKNOWN
Rapid adoption of AI technologies raises several major security concerns, including the risks of adversarial perturbations, which threaten the confidentiality and integrity of AI applications.	UNKNOWN
This study presents an approach for detecting P-type bifurcations using unreliable density estimates.	UNKNOWN
The present contribution investigates the potential and interests of a novel 3-step approach that combines several state-of-the-art procedures to i) compute graph-based representations of the multivariate dependence structure of asset prices time series representing the financial states of 32 countries world-wide (1955-2015); ii) compute time series of 5 graph-based indices that characterize the time evolution of the topologies of the graph; iii) segment these time evolutions in piece-wise constant eras, using an optimization framework constructed on a multivariate multi-norm total variation penalized functional.	UNKNOWN
We propose novel contrastive learning with knowledge-aware negative sampling to jointly optimize the knowledge graph and protein embedding during pre-training.	UNKNOWN
LesionLocator not only sets a new benchmark in universal promptable lesion segmentation and automated longitudinal lesion tracking but also provides the first open-access solution of its kind, releasing our synthetic 4D dataset and model to the community, empowering future advancements in medical imaging.	UNKNOWN
3D Gaussian Splatting (3DGS) has made significant strides in novel view synthesis but is limited by the substantial number of Gaussian primitives required, posing challenges for deployment on lightweight devices.	UNKNOWN
To address these issues, we designed and implemented GenEdit: our Text-to-SQL generation system that improves with user feedback.	UNKNOWN
While simulations extensively use High Performance Computing to strongly reduce time-to-solution, they were systematically coupled to Nuclear Magnetic Resonance experiments to drive synthesis and to in vitro characterization of compounds.	UNKNOWN
In addition, we introduce a novel evaluation metric-pass@ARC-which combines the conventional pass@k measure with Average Refinement Cycles (ARC) to capture both success rate and the efficiency of iterative refinement.	UNKNOWN
DNA supercoiling is central to many fundamental processes of living organisms.	UNKNOWN
Low inflation was once a welcome to both policy makers and the public.	UNKNOWN
This inspection essentially contributes to the fundamental understanding in PFM contrast analysis, and to the reconstruction of 3D domain structures down to a 1-$\mu$m-penetration depth into the sample.	UNKNOWN
In the fully symmetric case, which leads us fully into the stable range, we show how our computations can be expressed in terms of the cubical Q-construction underlying MacLane (co)homology.	UNKNOWN
Molecular sciences address a wide range of problems involving molecules of different types and sizes and their complexes.	UNKNOWN
Using a two-way fixed-effects model, we uncover trader motivations including evidence of both under- and overreaction within a unified setting.	UNKNOWN
Extensive experiments reveal that RiboFlow not only outperforms state-of-the-art RNA design methods by a large margin but also showcases controllable capabilities for achieving high binding affinity to target ligands.	UNKNOWN
We consider a package assignment problem with multiple units of indivisible items.	UNKNOWN
It breaks down the task into multiple steps, integrating parallel multilingual processing, Chain-of-Thought (CoT) reasoning, and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) to tackle lexical and structural challenges inherent in multilingual NoSQL generation.	UNKNOWN
When $\mathcal{D}$ is long-tailed, noise is fully amplified: students are matched uniformly at random.	UNKNOWN
The molecular docking results suggest that the phytochemicals available on the plant have possible COX-2 inhibitory activity and the compounds selected (Methyl 2,4- dihydroxy-6-methylbenzoate and N, N-Dimethyl-5-methoxy tryptamine) even got favourable toxicity and pharmacokinetic parameters confirming their drugability.	UNKNOWN
After analyzing the conditions for achieving type I hyperbolic dispersion, we experimentally demonstrate this concept with a sample featuring equal layer thicknesses and a 32% Mg concentration.	UNKNOWN
The $C_2$-equivariant spectra constructed enjoy properties analogous to classical nonequivariant integral Brown--Gitler spectra and thus may prove useful for producing $C_2$-equivariant analogues of splittings of $BP \langle 1 \rangle \wedge BP \langle 1 \rangle$ and $bo \wedge bo.$	UNKNOWN
Moreover, we derive a novel closed-form formula for effective resistance, and describe its relation to diffusion distances.	UNKNOWN
Our work provides insights into materials design using tunable building blocks of fullerene units with tailored functions for energy generation, conversion and storage.	UNKNOWN
The network strategy formed on causal connections is uncorrelated with popular benchmarks and generates a significant alpha, while network returns formed on aggregate connections, which are driven by a strong correlation component, are partially subsumed by standard factors.	UNKNOWN
For example, it is shown that a country's gate-keeping potential, as a measure for local power, projects its annual change of GDP generally far better than the volume of its imports or exports.	UNKNOWN
In lattice models and all-atom representations of proteins, we are able to efficiently sample high local entropy states and to provide a proof of concept of enhanced stability and folding rate.	UNKNOWN
First, we weaken the concept of strategy-proofness and introduce a new incentive notion called truncation-invariance, where the truthful preference-reporting assignment cannot be altered by any agent through misreporting a truncation of the true preference at the assignment produced by the true preference unilaterally.	UNKNOWN
We investigate how advanced large language models (LLMs), specifically GPT-4, process corporate disclosures to forecast earnings.	UNKNOWN
Previous studies of the flexibilities of ancestral proteins suggests that proteins evolve their function by altering their native state ensemble.	UNKNOWN
The findings highlight the potential of machine learning models, particularly BRNN, in advancing volcanic activity forecasting, contributing to more effective early warning systems for volcanic hazards.	UNKNOWN
Basic mixing operation is also demonstrated by observing sideband signals.	UNKNOWN
The global economy is one of today's major challenges, with increasing relevance in recent decades.	UNKNOWN
We propose and model a nanoscale optoelectronic neural node with charge-based time-limited memory and signal evaluation.	UNKNOWN
This paper analyzes how expectations of Transformative AI (TAI) affect current economic behavior by introducing a novel mechanism where automation redirects labor income from workers to those controlling AI systems, with the share of automated labor controlled by each household depending on their wealth at the time of invention.	UNKNOWN
We did this by setting the spatial exchange range and adding bias to asset fraction probability in equivalent exchanges.	UNKNOWN
Finally, a study on a nanosheet FET using SEMIDV is conducted.	UNKNOWN
The method adopted relies on fixed effects estimator which is robust to control endogeneity on a large panel dataset.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, AF3-assisted MT-TopLap achieved a PCC of 0.81 when tested with a SARS-CoV-2 HK.3 variant DMS dataset, confirming its capability to accurately predict BFE changes and adapt to new experimental data, thereby showcasing its potential for rapid and effective response to fast viral evolution.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, the domain of separable preferences is maximal for these properties.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore we provide an algorithm for constructing a consistent discrete Morse pairing on cells in the canonical polyhedral complex which contain this vertex.	UNKNOWN
We use the alternating direction method of multipliers to derive a distributed optimization algorithm for solving these nonlinear homological programs.	UNKNOWN
Our second result is that a metastable system always exists.	UNKNOWN
While larger models generally perform better at contradiction detection, the effectiveness of different prompting strategies varies across tasks and model architectures.	UNKNOWN
We propose a novel loss function based on the recent introduction of a notion of subgradient in persistent homology, paving the way toward topological learning.	UNKNOWN
This paper presents a unified approach to understanding dynamic scenes from casual videos.	UNKNOWN
Most storage expansion projects fall into this category, plus the recently announced Turkish Stream.	UNKNOWN
Understanding extremal simplicial distributions is of fundamental importance with applications to quantum computing.	UNKNOWN
A group of risk-averse agents agree on a risk-sharing agreement in an economy without aggregate risk.	UNKNOWN
We find that both distributions are robust in describing these varieties of income.	UNKNOWN
It was found that the intrinsic dimensions of these languages are significantly less than the dimensions used in popular neural network models in natural language processing.	UNKNOWN
Our method enables researchers to evaluate the quality of molecular representations generated by their proposed self-supervised pre-trained models.	UNKNOWN
The world's stock markets display a strikingly suspicious, decades long pattern of overnight and intraday returns that nobody (other than us) has plausibly explained and that nobody (other than us) has clearly and persistently alerted you to.	UNKNOWN
Although 4D-STEM has been predominantly developed for and used in conventional TEM and STEM, efforts are being made to implement the technique in scanning electron microscopy (SEM).	UNKNOWN
In particular, the decision context may protect the decision maker from his own reverse-causality causal error.	UNKNOWN
Lasers based on external-cavity locking (ECL) are a low-cost and turnkey operation option, but their coherence is generally inferior to SIL lasers.	UNKNOWN
Finally, we address limitations, extensions and ideas for further research.	UNKNOWN
We formalize the learning problems both when the chain-of-thought is observed and when training only on prompt-answer pairs, with the chain-of-thought latent.	UNKNOWN
We provide a general recoverability result that is widely applicable to modern theories of choice under uncertainty.	UNKNOWN
The survey concludes by highlighting future research directions, including advances in medical reasoning inspired by recent developments in LLM architectures, integration with physical systems, and improvements in training simulations.	UNKNOWN
WebFAQ and all associated resources are publicly available on GitHub and HuggingFace.	UNKNOWN
The article explains this formula intuitively, derives it analytically, and studies its approximation error.	UNKNOWN
These fairness axioms ensure that groups of agents at the same location are guaranteed to be a distance from the facility proportional to their group size.	UNKNOWN
It is also observed that lower agricultural transport costs and stronger preference for agricultural variety promote agglomeration.	UNKNOWN
Beyond performance gains, TFCAM provides multi-level explainability by identifying critical temporal periods, ranking feature importance, and quantifying how features influence each other across time before affecting predictions.	UNKNOWN
For this unintentional yet welcome aftereffect to set in a foundational list of guiding principles needs to be present.	UNKNOWN
At odd primes this group is generated by a cyclic algebra formed using any primitive $(p-1)$st root of unity, but at the prime two is a group of order $32$ with nontrivial extensions; we give explicit descriptions of the generators, and consider their images in the Brauer group of $KO$. Along the way, we compute the relative Brauer group of completed $KO$, using the \'etale locally trivial Brauer group of Antieau, Meier and Stojanoska.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, even with large maximum input length of \texttt{Qwen2}, the performance of CacheFocus shows that it maintains consistent performance even as the number of documents increases, effectively managing long-text generation without degradation.	UNKNOWN
We show that homological smoothness is a T-stable property in the category of tropical fans.	UNKNOWN
Expert subgroups can be tuned to trigger significant behavior variations, providing insights into the inner workings of LLMs.	UNKNOWN
Given a span of spaces, one can form the homotopy pushout and then take the homotopy pullback of the resulting cospan.	UNKNOWN
We further verify how we will be able to provide a fix to the current $2$-group problems by using the bibundle model.	UNKNOWN
The value, which we call the Expected Shapley value, allocates the players their expected worth with respect to a probability distribution.	UNKNOWN
We apply a genetic algorithm to determine an optimal buffer design that can be placed between the liner and the HE that results in the largest possible change in jet velocity.	UNKNOWN
We propose that the various types of nonlinearities, which can originate in the financial and economical systems, have to be taken to the detailed consideration during the Cost of Capital calculation in the finances and economics.	UNKNOWN
Our results agree with uni-axial stress experiments in literature, validating the bulk approximation.	UNKNOWN
An effective way to incorporate them is to model the data on higher-order combinatorial topological spaces, such as Simplicial Complexes (SCs) or Cell Complexes.	UNKNOWN
However, Kurokawa, Procaccia and Wang [2018] show that it is not feasible.	UNKNOWN
For any prior, any independent, atomless distribution of preferences, and any state space: if there are $\left|A\right|$ actions, the likelihood that commitment has no value is at least $\frac{1}{\left|A\right|^{\left|A\right|}}$. As the number of states grows large, this likelihood converges precisely to $\frac{1}{\left|A\right|^{\left|A\right|}}$.	UNKNOWN
The paper tests theoretical statistical distributions against empirical data for the costs of the Games, in order to explain the cost risks faced by host cities and nations.	UNKNOWN
Although promising for biomedicine, the clinical translation of inorganic nanoparticles (NPs) is limited by low biocompatibility and stability in biological fluids.	UNKNOWN
This study evaluates the performance of classical tree-based models and advanced neural networks in protein-ligand binding affinity prediction.	UNKNOWN
By raplacing the discrete language sequence prediction task, which relies on the Negative Log-Likelihood (NLL) loss, in the original DoReMi framework, the proposed framework is inherently more appropriate for handling the continuous and multi-channel characteristics of IMU data.	UNKNOWN
Here we propose a novel \emph{decomposition-and-reassembling} based approach, which does not include any optimization in hidden space and our generation process is highly interpretable.	UNKNOWN
On the other hand, our asset pricing model is based on loss-averse investors of Prospect Theory, through which we implement the risk-seeking behaviour of investors in a dynamic setting.	UNKNOWN
The results show that our method not only re-discovers previously verified drug molecules , but also generates novel molecules with better docking scores, expanding the compound pool and potentially leading to the discovery of novel drugs.	UNKNOWN
We applied this process to the TYK2 inhibitor and PTP1B systems and demonstrated its effectiveness through the improvement of free energy perturbation calculation results.	UNKNOWN
We construct various structures, classical and new, on the above two complexes: cosimplicial, differential graded algebra, operadic and brace algebra structures and show that the comparison theorem preserves all of them.	UNKNOWN
The code generation capabilities of LLMs enable the discovery of novel and interpretable solutions, bridging the symbolic logic of mechanism design and the generative power of modern AI.	UNKNOWN
We present BalancedDPO, a novel extension of Direct Preference Optimization (DPO) that addresses these limitations by simultaneously aligning T2I diffusion models with multiple metrics, including human preference, CLIP score, and aesthetic quality.	UNKNOWN
As applications, we characterize log square-zero extensions and derive a log variant of \'etale rigidity, applicable to some tamely ramified extensions of ring spectra.	UNKNOWN
Antiferromagnetic (AFM) materials are a pathway to spintronic memory and computing devices with unprecedented speed, energy efficiency, and bit density.	UNKNOWN
Since this trajectory depends largely on the average capital of transition sectors, a firm's attractiveness during its relocation depends on the relative level of capital in those sectors.	UNKNOWN
Applying k-means clustering based on potential parameters and thermodynamic compressibilities, a genome-wide clustering of nucleosome sequences is obtained for Candida albicans.	UNKNOWN
Let $X$ be a compact Riemann surface of genus $g$ and let $x \in X$.	UNKNOWN
It then clusters image features within each task, selecting the most representative images with the budget.	UNKNOWN
While many design variables in physical systems take discrete values, optimization algorithms often benefit from a continuous design space.	UNKNOWN
DNA helicases are molecular motors that use the energy from ATP hydrolysis to move along DNA, promoting the unwinding or rewinding of the double helix.	UNKNOWN
Since the perfect absorption architecture further enhances the IR electric field localization strength, we expect that this integration strategy can enhance molecular vibration coupling or non-linear optical response.	UNKNOWN
Here, we use the same dataset as RRS to reproduce their results exactly, thus confirming the robustness of their mispricing claim.	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, they can be synergistically integrated to enhance model explainability and facilitate the interpretation of results.	UNKNOWN
This crucial problem makes it difficult to build hyperbolic generative models for real and complex data.	UNKNOWN
While the concept of autonomy in the context of ML appears in several European normative publications, it remains a theoretical concept that has yet to be widely accepted in ML practice.	UNKNOWN
This paper uses the Complexification-Averaging/Geometric Singular Perturbation Theory (CX-A/GSPT) to investigate the multiscale energy transfers in a forced two-DOF system coupled to a grounded NES (GNES) with both nonlinear grounded stiffness and damping.	UNKNOWN
Structural biology aims at characterizing the structural and dynamic properties of biological macromolecules at atomic details.	UNKNOWN
Firstly, by means of the distant reading provided by machine learning bibliometric techniques, we are able to identify main topics, journals, key authors, and other macro aggregates.	UNKNOWN
We then show one application of this result in comparing the cohomology of an inverse limit of finite groups to that of the inverse limit of their classifying spaces.	UNKNOWN
In particular, radical innovation leads to higher initial speed but lower acceleration compared to increment innovation.	UNKNOWN
The Stirling engine is a type of heat engine known as its high efficiency.	UNKNOWN
Although the mainstream methods achieve high accuracy in predicting response regression values, the regression-aware representations of these methods are fragmented and fail to capture the continuity of the sample order.	UNKNOWN
For unknown species the model achieved an average accuracy of 83.36%, 78.30%, 60.34% and 43.32% for predicting correct phylum, class, order and family respectively.	UNKNOWN
This paper proposes a systematic methodology for detecting such violations, combining a partial correlation-based causal discovery process (PCMCI) with a novel Markov Violation score (MVS).	UNKNOWN
Under the replicator dynamics the unique steady state of the system is repelling and the trajectories are unbounded unstable spirals.	UNKNOWN
Domain-specific EHR foundation models trained on large collections of unlabeled EHR data have demonstrated promising improvements in predictive accuracy and generalization; however, their training is constrained by limited access to diverse, high-quality datasets and inconsistencies in coding standards and healthcare practices.	UNKNOWN
Specifically, it provides a systematic investigation of the two-way relation between restricted and full continuity of a function and a binary relation that, under convex, monotonic and differentiable structures, draws out the behavioral implications of the postulate.	UNKNOWN
Results showed that even though most events triggered by the wearable were meaningful, only one in five warranted an intervention.	UNKNOWN
We bring spaces over the classifying space $BS^1$ of the circle group $S^1$ to persistence theory via the singular cohomology with coefficients in a field.	UNKNOWN
Presented here is the optimization of a planar two-terminal perovskite/silicon tandem solar cell with a texture structure.	UNKNOWN
There is (i) no multiplicity gap: the largest (partially) implementable equilibrium can be implemented uniquely; and (ii) no commitment gap: the policy is sequentially optimal.	UNKNOWN
The work sets up a precedent for accurate EET prediction from large data set by establishing analytical descriptions for physics hidden behind, through minimizing the processing cost during the evolution of week-coupling EET.	UNKNOWN
To handle this problem, we appeal to deep generative approaches that are possible for uncertainty estimation.	UNKNOWN
Early viral infection is mediated by the SARS-CoV-2 homo-trimeric Spike (S) protein with its receptor binding domains (RBDs) in the receptor-accessible state.	UNKNOWN
Its goal is to provide high-quality, large-scale samples for training DL models.	UNKNOWN
As a proof of concept, we propose a two-stage method FoldMark as a generalized watermarking strategy for protein generative models.	UNKNOWN
We introduce the notion of locally consistent system of half-spaces for a real hyperplane arrangement.	UNKNOWN
Our results illustrate that rational, non-adversarial actors can dramatically reduce PoS network security if block rewards are not calibrated appropriately above the expected yields of on-chain lending.	UNKNOWN
Workers secrete royal jelly, a substance that causes fertility and longevity; it is fed to future honeybee queens.	UNKNOWN
Existing rule-based accessibility checkers aim to mitigate these failures by identifying errors early during development but are constrained in the types of errors they can detect.	UNKNOWN
The dramatic performance improvement of the IGR with our deep-RC architecture paves the way for high-performance, large-scale, physical neural network devices.	UNKNOWN
Finally, we propose a non-capital based policy that improves the resilience of the system by introducing disassortative mixing between banks and assets.	UNKNOWN
As an application, we reprove the Mackey functor description of global spectra first obtained by the second-named author and generalize it to $G$-global spectra.	UNKNOWN
"We also propose additional measures for TTC: a direct ribosome-RNAP binding probability and the fraction of time the translation-transcription process is ""protected"" from attack by transcription-terminating proteins."	UNKNOWN
As for the somewhat less explicit $O\left(n\right)$-symmetric model there is a close relation to the conventional one-component branched polymer and the associated Lee-Yang problem.	UNKNOWN
Now the caps on posts depend only upon own weight and total congestion, not on the number of other agents contributing to it.	UNKNOWN
Our notable innovation, is to generate the adversarial instruction data by conducting the attack for the prompt of online instruction data.	UNKNOWN
Topological phononic crystals (PCs) offer an innovative method for manipulating acoustic or elastic waves.	UNKNOWN
Additionally, we present a novel co-contrastive learning module to learn drug-pairs (DPs) representations.	UNKNOWN
This study examines the dynamic causal interplay between transaction fees and economic subsystems leveraging the network.	UNKNOWN
We find that a small community of tightly connected editors is responsible for most of the production of information about cryptocurrencies in Wikipedia.	UNKNOWN
Rather than being strictly resolved, the subsumption thesis motivates the construction of a formal bridge between active inference and expected utility.	UNKNOWN
We consider the relationship between economic activity and intervention, including monetary and fiscal policy, using a universal dynamic framework.	UNKNOWN
Two important tasks in the field of Topological Data Analysis are building practical multifiltrations on objects and using TDA to detect the geometry.	UNKNOWN
We develop a new probabilistic method for C2MS prediction, FraGNNet, that can efficiently and accurately predict high-resolution spectra.	UNKNOWN
Also, we predict that the CuInP$_2$S$_6$ nanoflakes reveal features of the controllable negative capacitance effect, which make them attractive for advanced electronic devices, such as nano-capacitors and gate oxide nanomaterials with reduced heat dissipation.	UNKNOWN
Current approaches to pocket generation often suffer from time-intensive physical computations or template-based methods, as well as compromised generation quality due to the overlooking of domain knowledge.	UNKNOWN
We are presenting proofs of fundamental results related to homotopy idempotents, proofs that are sufficiently simple so that even the author can understand them.	UNKNOWN
Formally, we show that an asset return follows a multiplicative random growth with exogenous input, which is well-known to be a generic power-law generating process, and which could thus easily explain the well-established power-law distribution of returns, and other related variables.	UNKNOWN
When referendums do not bind, however, an electorally disadvantaged party may initiate a referendum to elevate new issues in order to divide the supporters of its stronger opponent.	UNKNOWN
Recently, the information bottleneck principle has emerged as a powerful tool for understanding the transmission of relevant information through intermediate levels in a hierarchical structure.	UNKNOWN
Corruption, fraud, and unethical activities have emerged as significant obstacles to global economic, political, and social progress.	UNKNOWN
Results are also compared to experimental structures from the Protein Databank (PDB) and Cambridge Structural Database (CSD).	UNKNOWN
To automate this process from a data-driven perspective, we propose a disentangled Wasserstein autoencoder with an auxiliary classifier, which isolates the function-related patterns from the rest with theoretical guarantees.	UNKNOWN
Beliefs are consistent with Bayesianism if they arise from the application of Bayes' rule given some subjective distribution for the state and the signals agents observe between periods.	UNKNOWN
However, remains as a pending task the challenge of identifying the general principles underlying their self-organizing capabilities.	UNKNOWN
A native approach provides a better representation of the end user experience.	UNKNOWN
This quench switching, detectable electrically from ultrashort times to hours after writing, reminisces the long-term memory.	UNKNOWN
Each agent is described by his production, consumption, stock of capital, as well as the position he occupies in this abstract space.	UNKNOWN
The theory previously predicted the unprecedented success of spike-based vaccines.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we examine the effect of different auctions on the incentives of advertisers to report their constraints to the auto-bidder intermediaries.	UNKNOWN
Motivated by the successes of protein language models, we introduce RiboNucleic Acid Language Model (RiNALMo) to unveil the hidden code of RNA.	UNKNOWN
We show that the introduction of wind energy into the Colombian electricity market would impact the generation share of large hydro and gas-fired power plants.	UNKNOWN
Understanding this fundamental decoherence process, particularly its RTS structure, opens a clear path towards noise suppression for quantum and sensing applications.	UNKNOWN
We prove a local-global principle for $\infty$-categories over any base $\infty$-category $\mathcal{C}$: we show that any $\infty$-category $\mathcal{B} \to \mathcal{C}$ over $\mathcal{C}$ is determined by the following data: the collection of fibers $\mathcal{B}_X$ for $X$ running through the set of equivalence classes of objects of $\mathcal{C}$ endowed with the action of the space of automorphisms $\mathrm{Aut}_X(\mathcal{B})$ on the fiber, the local data, together with a locally cartesian fibration $\mathcal{D} \to \mathcal{C}$ and $\mathrm{Aut}_X(\mathcal{B})$-linear equivalences $\mathcal{D}_X \simeq \mathcal{P}(\mathcal{B}_X)$ to the $\infty$-category of presheaves on $\mathcal{B}_X$, the gluing data.	UNKNOWN
Here, we directly image the composition and electrostatic potential with nanometer resolution in the cross section of a nanocrystalline W / Hf$_{0.5}$Zr$_{0.5}$O$_{2-\delta}$ (HZO) /	UNKNOWN
This ensures the fingerprints are consistent with normal model behavior, making them indistinguishable and robust against detection and removal.	UNKNOWN
We present the results of a systematic analysis and identify their structural classes as well as their respective amino acid preferences.	UNKNOWN
It recommends that government should device strict measures in dealing and punishing individuals engage in tax avoidance and evasion.	UNKNOWN
Current fall detection solutions typically rely on sensor-based systems that require dedicated hardware, or on video-based models that demand high computational resources and GPUs for real-time processing.	UNKNOWN
Room temperature single photon sources (SPS) are crucial for developing the next generation quantum technologies.	UNKNOWN
Evaluations show that GraphTRL outperforms existing methods in binding affinity prediction, offering a promising approach to accelerate drug discovery.	UNKNOWN
This article is devoted to the maximisation of HARA utilities of L{\'e}vy switching process on finite time interval via dual method.	UNKNOWN
However, the usual volatility-return correlation function, which is local in time, typically fluctuates around zero.	UNKNOWN
The findings also suggest that strategic competencies, sector-specific domain expertise, and technological skills will become increasingly vital.	UNKNOWN
We show that there are two qualitatively different cases of how distributed knowledge is attained.	UNKNOWN
However, few of these technologies focus on balancing property optimization with constraint satisfaction, making it difficult to obtain high-quality molecules that not only possess desirable properties but also meet various constraints.	UNKNOWN
In addition, (statistical) minorities out of fear of losing their minority content exposition may not consume content that is liked by mainstream users.	UNKNOWN
The behavior of no-regret learning algorithms is well understood in two-player min-max (i.e, zero-sum) games.	UNKNOWN
It involves the development of a catalyst, the design of a reaction system, and its operation and product refining.	UNKNOWN
Opposite chirality molecules cause opposite direction reversals of magnetization through the chiral-induced spin switching (CISS) mechanism.	UNKNOWN
We study the performance of both humans and state of the art multimodal large language models (MLLMs) on these three interconnected inference problems.	UNKNOWN
To find this policy, we first formulated this decision-making question as an optimization problem in which the expected profit was maximized; therefore, we balanced two adversarial goals: maximizing the portfolio's revenue and minimizing the portfolio's provisions.	UNKNOWN
Further, we allow for bilateral communication/flirting that changes the awareness and say that a matching is flirt-proof stable if there is absence of communication leading to pairwise common belief in blocking.	UNKNOWN
It significantly surpasses existing baselines on downstream tasks, including molecule-text retrieval, molecule captioning, and more challenging open-text molecular QA tasks, especially focusing on 3D-dependent properties.	UNKNOWN
We further enhance trajectory quality through rejection sampling, rigorously evaluating trajectories along accuracy and complexity.	UNKNOWN
We show that asymmetric information and distributional considerations together make voters wary of policies supported by others.	UNKNOWN
In addition to standard benchmarks, we create a hard test set by curating adversarial prompts from the Wildjailbreak dataset, emphasizing more concealed malicious intent.	UNKNOWN
Our study provides a single-molecule test of the functional RG approach for disordered elastic systems in equilibrium.	UNKNOWN
We address this question under two alternative assumptions using a linear quadratic Gaussian game with arbitrary quadratic material welfare and convex information costs.	UNKNOWN
The hybrid model integrates data driven deep learning-based anomaly detection technique underlining the contribution of cloud orchestration middleware for predictive prevention of system failures.	UNKNOWN
This book, which is in Spanish, provides detailed descriptions, including over 550 mathematical formulas, for over 150 trading strategies across a host of asset classes (and trading styles).	UNKNOWN
We design TimeBoost: a practical transaction ordering policy for rollup sequencers that takes into account both transaction timestamps and bids; it works by creating a score from timestamps and bids, and orders transactions based on this score.	UNKNOWN
IntComplex is defined as a collection of interactions, each of which can be equivalently represented by a binary tree.	UNKNOWN
Traditional cardiovascular risk scores rely primarily on clinical data, often overlooking environmental influences like air pollution that significantly impact heart health.	UNKNOWN
We employ a unified framework to provide an epistemic-theoretical foundation for Camerer, Ho, and Chong's (2003) cognitive hierarchy (CH) solution and its dynamic extension, using the directed rationalizability concept introduced in Battigalli and Siniscalchi (2003).	UNKNOWN
However, we show that a block reward (a fixed reward paid to miners upon a block production) can mitigate these inefficiencies.	UNKNOWN
Here we demonstrate that van der Waals materials, such as the 2D semiconductor MoSe2, can easily be transferred onto gold plasmonic nanowaveguides using standard dry visco-elastic polymer transfer techniques.	UNKNOWN
Persistent homology serves as a tool to track changes of homology in the filtration.	UNKNOWN
The opposite implication does not, in general, hold and leads to questions about intersections of cores of two games and their relations.	UNKNOWN
In today's business landscape, organizations need to find the right balance between using their customers' data ethically to power AI solutions and being compliant regarding data privacy and data usage regulations.	UNKNOWN
Inference-time computation provides an important axis for scaling language model performance, but naively scaling compute through techniques like Best-of-$N$ sampling can cause performance to degrade due to reward hacking.	UNKNOWN
To achieve effective training of this predictive EGNN we have leveraged the unprecedented scale of a new high-throughput protein stability experimental data-set, Mega-scale.	UNKNOWN
The research demonstrates a notable correlation between these indicators and the physical attributes of anti-tuberculosis drugs.	UNKNOWN
To try to address these challenges, we present the 3D Geometric Pretraining.	UNKNOWN
Finally, we conclude by identifying remaining challenges and discussing the future trend for deep learning methods in drug discovery.	UNKNOWN
Unfortunately, the previous models can only provide the prediction for existing materials in past literature, but cannot predict the applications of new materials.	UNKNOWN
To synthesize these results, I propose a production-based asset pricing model in which supply chain substitutability is a function of dispersion in product/technology space and correlation in supply and demand shocks is driven by shared customers and suppliers between firms.	UNKNOWN
Inspired by human cognition, metacognition has gained significant attention for its potential to enhance autonomy, adaptability, and robust learning in artificial agents.	UNKNOWN
This paper presents experimental data of deep-levels in $\beta$-Ga2O3 that has been gathered by our group since 2017.	UNKNOWN
Towards developing higher throughput screening methodologies, here we use Markov State Modeling and all-atom molecular dynamics simulations to quantify the membrane binding and insertion kinetics of three prototypical and antimicrobial peptides (alpha-helical magainin 2 and PGLa and beta-hairpin tachyplesin 1).	UNKNOWN
Hungarian researchers recognized the significance of AI early on, actively participating in international research and achieving significant results in both theoretical and practical domains.	UNKNOWN
We study the homotopy type of spaces of commuting elements in connected nilpotent Lie groups, via almost commuting elements in their Lie algebras.	UNKNOWN
The exercise deals exclusively with a no debt scenario and the data and results show that the bounded model generates low $P_{(m)}$, values that the results of the regressions between the two countries show an advantageous position of the stock country $m_i$ over the stock country $m_j$. About the rationale, it is found that these models can provide meaningful information regarding the behavior of monetary variables, -- taking into account the different conceptual positions proposed in the manuscript -- using analogies derived from other fields of study ranging from molecules in rarefied gases or particles collisions, bringing the data to the interaction of economic actors.	UNKNOWN
This work contributes to the emerging field of mechanistic interpretability in biological sequence models, offering new perspectives on model steering for sequence design.	UNKNOWN
This closes a gap in our argument why the GKM graph of a $6$-dimensional integer GKM manifold determines its nonequivariant diffeomorphism type.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, the discoveries span new tasks, agents, metrics, and data, suggesting a qualitative shift from benchmark optimization to broader discoveries.	UNKNOWN
Results suggest that designers of order flow auctions should avoid contingent fees whenever possible.	UNKNOWN
The model investigates how, for a population of myopic agents with homogeneous preferences, changes in the environment caused by current aggregate behavior may affect future payoffs and hence alter future behavior.	UNKNOWN
The 3-element and 6-element filters achieved excellent linearity with in-band input third-order intercept point (IIP3) values of +36 dBm and +40 dBm, respectively, which are significantly higher than previously reported acoustic filters operating at similar frequencies.	UNKNOWN
"Given a linearly ordered set I, every surjective map p: A --> I endows the set A with a structure of set of preferences by ""replacing"" the elements of I with their inverse images via p considered as ""balloons"" (sets endowed with an equivalence relation), lifting the linear order on A, and ""agglutinating"" this structure with the balloons."	UNKNOWN
For compactly generated categories, the continuous $K$-theory is simply the usual (non-connective) $K$-theory of the full subcategory of compact objects.	UNKNOWN
This system demonstrates a distinct cube-root response in the steady-state lasing frequency, with a constant of proportionality that depends on the distribution of linear and saturable gain and loss.	UNKNOWN
Finally, we outline insights into potential strategies and improvements to enhance the applicability of LLMs in finance.	UNKNOWN
More importantly, we find that the RBD can cause the significant structural change of the Apolipoprotein E (ApoE), by which SARS-CoV-2 may hijack the metabolic pathway of the ApoE to facilitate its cell entry.	UNKNOWN
Correspondingly, we introduce Approximate Feature Activation (AFA), which approximates the magnitude of the ground-truth sparse feature vector, and propose a new evaluation metric derived from AFA to assess the alignment between inputs and activations.	UNKNOWN
A major challenge in scaling geospatial QA datasets for reasoning lies in the complexity of geospatial relationships, which require integrating spatial structures, topological dependencies, and multi-hop reasoning capabilities that most text-based QA datasets lack.	UNKNOWN
A strong correlation between, increasing or decreasing investment patterns with economic indicators of particular economy was found.	UNKNOWN
The stairs represent wealth levels of economic classes separated by wealth gaps.	UNKNOWN
For instance, previous studies have shown that G-TeraFETs exhibit a THz response that comprises two components: the resistive self-mixing (RSM) and photothermoelectric effect (PTE).	UNKNOWN
The relaxation in a vacuum capacitor-resistor circuit is comprised of two exponential decays, one caused by surface charge and the other by the decay of energy stored between the capacitor plates.	UNKNOWN
DeepBioisostere can also provide previously unseen bioisosteric replacements, highlighting its capability for exploring diverse chemical modifications rather than just mining them from known databases.	UNKNOWN
We show that annotation performance, for ESP and other models, is a strong function of the number of molecules in the candidate set and their similarity to the target molecule.	UNKNOWN
The membrane-coating on SiO2NPs induces spontaneous clustering of AuNPs, whose extent depends on the coating integrity.	UNKNOWN
The next generation of soft electronics will expand to the third dimension.	UNKNOWN
I analyze long-term contracting in insurance markets with asymmetric information.	UNKNOWN
PAB can reduce the market price, but it may lead to a mixed-strategy price equilibrium.	UNKNOWN
MultiMorph is based on a linear group-interaction layer that aggregates and shares features within the group of input images.	UNKNOWN
Our result reduces the infinite-dimensional optimal transfer problem to a two-dimensional optimization problem.	UNKNOWN
Our approach harnesses high-Q metasurfaces specifically designed for operation in a lossy aqueous environment together with advanced spectral sampling techniques to temporally resolve the dynamic behavior of photoswitchable lipid membranes.	UNKNOWN
Leximin and leximax core imputations come out as clear winners; we define these to be {\em equitable core imputations}.	UNKNOWN
To improve the performance of airfoils, many impressive techniques are already invented.	UNKNOWN
In addition, the developed model trained on the human genome dataset can be applied to any non-human genome DNA sequences to predict the G4 formation propensities.	UNKNOWN
Protein-protein binding enables orderly and lawful biological self-organization, and is therefore considered a miracle of nature.	UNKNOWN
Existing methods primarily focus on minimizing distortion between the transmitted image and the reconstructed version at the receiver, often overlooking perceptual quality.	UNKNOWN
In particular, we present an extension of the main result in Friedenberg (2010) to type structures with conditional beliefs.	UNKNOWN
Finally, extensive experiments show the proposed OFCL framework outperforms all baselines remarkably with practical importance and reproducibility.	UNKNOWN
We train various versions of YOLOv8 for instance segmentation on static images and assess their performance on the test dataset (videos).	UNKNOWN
These findings highlight the need for calibration-aware interventions and improved uncertainty estimation methods.	UNKNOWN
Notably, all fine-tuned models exhibit inconsistent behavior, sometimes acting aligned.	UNKNOWN
[6] We then give a fast version of a different variant called the row algorithm	UNKNOWN
We prove several basechange results, allowing us to move between different coefficient categories and ambient topoi.	UNKNOWN
Optimal reserve prices alleviate these differences but flip the revenue ordering.	UNKNOWN
The pursuit of electromagnetic cloaking significantly advanced the field of metamaterials, yet achieving broadband, conformal cloaking for complex, non-trivial objects remains an unresolved challenge.	UNKNOWN
We review the classical homotopical tools in the theory of algebraic operads, namely Koszul duality.	UNKNOWN
Our goal is to provide new insights and build confidence in the broader applicability of deep generative models for protein design.	UNKNOWN
The factors influencing the prices of real estate are diversified and complex.	UNKNOWN
This approach diversifies MCTS results for HRM with negligible computational overhead, enhancing label robustness by introducing noise.	UNKNOWN
We describe society as a nonequilibrium probabilistic system: N individuals occupy W resource states in it and produce entropy S over definite time periods.	UNKNOWN
The operation mapping a real-valued function to its barcode is differentiable almost everywhere, and the convergence of gradient descent for losses using barcodes is relatively well understood.	UNKNOWN
The data partly explains the variability in mobility reported in the literature.	UNKNOWN
By constructing concrete complex-oriented maps we show that the eight-fold of the generator of the third integral cohomology of the spin groups Spin(7) and Spin(8) is in the image of the Thom morphism from complex cobordism to singular cohomology, while the generator itself is not in the image.	UNKNOWN
This sublimation-activated release (SAR) loading technique makes use of micropositioners with tungsten probe tips, as well as the relatively fast rate of sublimation of camphor at room temperature, to selectively load particles having diameters ranging from $\SI{8}{\micro \meter}$ to $\SI{100}{\micro \meter}$ or more.	UNKNOWN
In addition, biofouling management of ship hulls causes both social, environmental and economic risks that should all be considered reaching well-balanced decisions.	UNKNOWN
However, we discover that existing DL methods inadequately model inter-atomic forces, particularly for non-bonded atomic pairs, due to their naive usage of bonds and pairwise distances.	UNKNOWN
Especially, arrays of superconducting nanowire single-photon detectors (SNSPDs) could require more than $10^6$ readout lines.	UNKNOWN
Reasoning-enhanced large language models (LLMs) explicitly generate intermediate reasoning steps prior to generating final answers, helping the model excel in complex problem-solving.	UNKNOWN
Using these data, the model is then used to predict the production from all major oil producing countries, regions and continents up to the year 2050.	UNKNOWN
However, ion irradiation often gives rise to severe damage due to atomic displacements that cause defect formation, migration and clustering within the ion-solid interaction volume.	UNKNOWN
Because it is a topological theory it has no dynamics in a strict sense, and so perturbatively---that is, when examining dynamics in the region of a critical point---the field theory behaves as general equilibrium posits.	UNKNOWN
The concept is based on the synchronization of continuous-wave (CW) lasers with highly frequency-stable electronic emitter sources as a reference.	UNKNOWN
In CCW mode, when the hook remains bend and flexible, the revolution motion predominates and the restoring torque in this motion, originated due to drag, governs the shape of the torque-speed curve.	UNKNOWN
While atom-level molecular graph representations are commonly used because of their ability to capture natural topology, they may not fully express important substructures or functional groups which significantly influence molecular properties.	UNKNOWN
To address this, we formalize the notion of barcoding invariants and compare their discriminating powers.	UNKNOWN
We develop a constructive model of homotopy type theory in a Quillen model category that classically presents the usual homotopy theory of spaces.	UNKNOWN
There are two well-known sufficient conditions for Nash equilibrium in two-player games: mutual knowledge of rationality (MKR) and mutual knowledge of conjectures.	UNKNOWN
To formulate the theorem and apply the scheme, we introduce persistence objects as objects in appropriate functor categories, describe a-la barcode decompositions of persistence posets, and prove several results, e.g. order extension principle for objects in Fun(I, Pos) and approximate triviality of left derived functors of approximately trivial objects in Fun(I, R-Mod).	UNKNOWN
This study also allows a comparison of the different fore-sighting abilities of each platform, in terms of how many days ahead a platform can predict a price movement before it happens.	UNKNOWN
The capacity to manipulate magnetization in two-dimensional dilute magnetic semiconductors (2D-DMSs) using light, specifically in magnetically doped transition metal dichalcogenide (TMD) monolayers (M-doped TX2, where M = V, Fe, Cr; T = W, Mo; X = S, Se, Te), may lead to innovative applications in spintronics, spin-caloritronics, valleytronics, and quantum computation.	UNKNOWN
However, questions remain concerning how factors like training, dataset, and seed bias impact the technology's utility to medicine and computational chemists.	UNKNOWN
"Going test optional allows the college to reduce its ""disagreement cost""."	UNKNOWN
The vicinity of the transition features a peak in asymmetry.	UNKNOWN
Photonic interconnects between quantum processing nodes are likely the only way to achieve large-scale quantum computers and networks.	UNKNOWN
The switching capability is facilitated by the phase change material and the structure is optimized by machine learning.	UNKNOWN
To represent social preferences, we employ an additively perturbed utility model consisting of the sum of expected utility and a nonlinear cost function, where the utility function is purely selfish while the cost function depends on social preferences.	UNKNOWN
However, measuring angles in the full range of 0{\deg} to 360{\deg} in a wide field range using a single magnetic sensor remains a challenge.	UNKNOWN
We endeavoured to further evaluate the merit of KV Transformers on semantic segmentation tasks, specifically in the domain of medical imaging.	UNKNOWN
The MLA was patterned on one surface of a polymer film via UV casting, such that the focal plane was located on the distal end of the film (n of polymer ~ 1.47, thickness = 28 {\mu}m, effective f/# (NA) inside polymer ~ 0.4 (0.78)).	UNKNOWN
By fabricating metal-insulator-semiconductor capacitors we found that a moderate temperature annealing is needed to enhance permittivity, which reaches a high value of 32 while keeping moderate leakage.	UNKNOWN
By integrating these strategies and validating their effectiveness through extensive ablations, MegaMath delivers 371B tokens with the largest quantity and top quality among existing open math pre-training datasets.	UNKNOWN
This reduces the risk of exposing sensitive data, but it is still possible to reverse engineer information about a client's private data set from communicated model parameters.	UNKNOWN
We will discuss the principles of molecular dynamics simulations and their applications in cancer research.	UNKNOWN
In particular, we investigate a phase modulation range spanning from $-\pi$ to $\pi$, a perfect filter that divides the input port's one-way region into two output one-way regions with equal bandwidth, a multi-frequency splitter with an equal splitting ratio (e.g., 50/50), and self-consistent logic gates.	UNKNOWN
We use these techniques to analyze our key examples: quantum distributions and operator-theoretic polytopes used in the classical simulation of quantum computation.	UNKNOWN
In particular, experiments demonstrate that SFTD as an additional loss improves the reconstruction of cellular 3D shapes from 2D fluorescence microscopy images, and helps to identify topological errors in 3D segmentation.	UNKNOWN
De novo molecule design has become a highly active research area, advanced significantly through the use of state-of-the-art generative models.	UNKNOWN
We show that the $ \infty $-category of derived involutive algebras admits involutive enhancements of the cotangent complexes, de Rham complex, and de Rham cohomology functors; furthermore, their real Hochschild homology is defined.	UNKNOWN
Motivation: Studies including more than one type of 'omics data sets are becoming more prevalent.	UNKNOWN
Moreover, the miniaturization of energy storage devices could increase the ohmic loses in current collectors.	UNKNOWN
It presents an objective approach to generating the weights in a scoring formula which avoids personal judgement.	UNKNOWN
State-of-the-art design protocols now achieve experimental success rates nearing 20%, thus widening the access to de novo designed proteins.	UNKNOWN
In this paper, we consider a discrete-time Stackelberg mean field game with a finite number of leaders, a finite number of major followers and an infinite number of minor followers.	UNKNOWN
This general approach is illustrated here by applications to variants of a natural IDP in the context of several different amino-acid interaction schemes as well as a set of different model hydrophobic-polar sequences sharing the same composition.	UNKNOWN
Nestedness, for example, has been observed in plants-pollinator as well as in country-product trade networks.	UNKNOWN
To alleviate this issue, we propose a novel DDI prediction method based on relation-aware graph structure embedding with co-contrastive learning, RaGSECo.	UNKNOWN
The nanocomposite membranes were prepared by amino-modification of poly(vinyl chloride) films obtained in the presence of cyclohexanone (CH) or tetrahydrofuran (THF), followed by Au(III) reduction coupled-adsorption.	UNKNOWN
The work explores how varying strain levels, from 0% (unstretched) to 30%, affect the transparency, vibrational modes, and molecular reorganization within PET films.	UNKNOWN
This paper develops a distribution-valued estimator framework that extends existing real-valued DR-, IPW-, and DML-based estimators to distribution-valued estimators within Rubin's causal framework.	UNKNOWN
Also, the graphcode viewpoint allows to devise a simple algorithm to decide whether a persistence module is interval-decomposable in $O(n^4)$ time, which improves on the previous bound of $O(n^{2\omega+1})$.	UNKNOWN
Frames in finite-dimensional vector spaces are spanning sets of vectors which provide redundant representations of signals.	UNKNOWN
Our study suggests irrational investor behavior is also present in atypical markets like Bitcoin.	UNKNOWN
People inherently use experiences of their past while imagining their future, a capability that plays a crucial role in mental health.	UNKNOWN
Unlike existing methods, we assume firms only observe a finite sample of consumers' types.	UNKNOWN
However, most existing models pursue only the basic properties like validity and uniqueness of the generated molecules, a few go further to explicitly optimize one single important molecular property (e.g. QED or PlogP), which makes most generated molecules little usefulness in practice.	UNKNOWN
I show that common inference methods, e.g., maximum likelihood and Bayesian updating cannot achieve this goal.	UNKNOWN
The DSB clustering at different stages has different implications for DNA repair.	UNKNOWN
Using WSe$_2$ on high-aspect-ratio ($\sim 3$ - at least two-fold higher than previous reports) nanopillar arrays, here we demonstrate $>10$ MHz single photon emission rate in the 770-800 nm band that is compatible with quantum memory and repeater networks (Rb-87-D1/D2 lines), and satellite quantum communication.	UNKNOWN
Over the past few decades since Isaacs's work, a rich theory of stochastic differential game has emerged and branched into several directions.	UNKNOWN
In particular, we compute the homology of links in 3-dimensional toric varieties.	UNKNOWN
First, the authors will present the construction of a quantum generator of proteins who define a protein, called the test protein.	UNKNOWN
However, this simplicity is challenged by the potential need for many classic contracts.	UNKNOWN
From this classification, we prove the contractibility conjecture for acyclic cellular fake surfaces of complexity 4, and the embedded disk conjecture up to complexity 5.	UNKNOWN
The use of such autonomous learning agents has become widespread on online platforms.	UNKNOWN
We also design a quadratic distance loss function specifically to align with the RC timing model.	UNKNOWN
The boom also shows the ability to monitor the dynamics and vibration during and after the deployment.	UNKNOWN
FIT can successfully extract the relevant information to a pattern matching task present in a signal, while discarding the remainder of a signal by transforming a Fourier transformed signal into an information spectrum (IS).	UNKNOWN
The dry-transfer method developed in this work enables large-area integration of 2D-TMDC layers into (opto)electronic components with high reproducibility, while better preserving the as-grown properties of the layers.	UNKNOWN
We validate our technique on both synthetic data sets and neuronal activity recordings.	UNKNOWN
We show that it can be reduced to the problem of continuous optimal transportation introduced by Beckmann (1952) where the optimal transportation flow generalizes the concept of ironed virtual valuations to the multi-item setting.	UNKNOWN
Microfinance, despite its significant potential for poverty reduction, is facing sustainability hardships due to high default rates.	UNKNOWN
This gives a form of Koszul duality relationship between the above DG categories.	UNKNOWN
Social planners must consider that this may increase disagreement in more consuming groups of society at first.	UNKNOWN
This augmentation in THz photo-conductivity contributes to a significant enhancement of THz modulation depth ~77% at Ge QDs-Si interfaces compared to bare SOI at 0.1 THz.	UNKNOWN
Whenever two entities cooperate, one must willingly relinquish something of value to the other.	UNKNOWN
Our environment is lightweight and provides a preset of useful tools, such as a Python debugger (pdb), designed to facilitate an LLM-based agent's interactive debugging.	UNKNOWN
The relative humidity was increased in steps and the amount of water adsorbed by the sample was measured gravimetrically at each step, producing a type V isotherm, characteristic of water adsorption to weakly interacting carbon nanopores.	UNKNOWN
Building upon recent studies that highlight the effectiveness of game-based evaluations for LLMs, ZeroSumEval enhances these approaches by providing a standardized and extensible framework for easily implementing games and leverages DSPy to provide a better abstraction for LLM player strategies.	UNKNOWN
Interestingly correlation patterns for network members other than Eurozone states were not as strong and depicted mild behavior.	UNKNOWN
In particular, we can compute bounded cohomology using strong boundaries.	UNKNOWN
Theoretical analysis of our proposed algorithm establishes optimal performance with respect to the target task represented via a target reward for the given off-the-shelf models.	UNKNOWN
As far as Pearson and Kendall coefficients are concerned, performances were acceptable and, in general, better than those we submitted for calixarenes, cucurbituril-like open cavitand, and beta-cyclodextrines in previous SAMPL host-guest challenges, confirming the reliability of nonequilibrium approaches for absolute binding free energy calculations.	UNKNOWN
For each configuration of rational points on the affine line, we define an operation on the group of unstable A1 motivic homotopy classes of endomorphisms of the projective line.	UNKNOWN
Then we consider the question whether some power of the rational Euler class vanishes for real analytic flat $S^1$-bundles.	UNKNOWN
In summary, the PEAL Method represents a significant advancement in securitization literature, offering a standardized framework for precision and efficiency in structuring transactions.	UNKNOWN
Building on this implication, we propose the register-invite-book system (RIB) as an efficient system for scheduling vaccination against pandemic diseases.	UNKNOWN
For Discriminative models, we examine various architectures and hyperparameters during training and inference and identify energy-efficient practices.	UNKNOWN
To describe the behavior of the quality factor, we developed a model considering the nanostructures as anelastic solids, identifying a dissipation peak around 150 K due to a thermally activated process, likely of the Niblett-Wilks mechanism type.	UNKNOWN
On the other hand, the quantitative framework presented in this study could pave the way for future research in the academic community.	UNKNOWN
It demonstrates that loss aversion increases the consumer's willingness to pre-purchase.	UNKNOWN
We provide a geometric characterization of when mediation strictly improves on this using the quasiconcave and quasiconvex envelopes of the sender's value function.	UNKNOWN
Periodic double auctions (PDA) have applications in many areas such as in e-commerce, intra-day equity markets, and day-ahead energy markets in smart-grids.	UNKNOWN
In this work, we systematically investigate the scaling laws of synthetic data by introducing SynthLLM, a scalable framework that transforms pre-training corpora into diverse, high-quality synthetic datasets.	UNKNOWN
This range covers virtually any molecule relevant for life, from tiny oligopeptides to large proteins.	UNKNOWN
We show that the policy-making environment plays a crucial role in determining the incentives of the forecaster to acquire information.	UNKNOWN
Here we report the first demonstration of an ion pump that drives aqueous ions against a force using a capacitive ratchet mechanism that does not require redox reactions.	UNKNOWN
We begin a study of the basic properties of polyhedral coproducts, surveying the Eckmann-Hilton duals of various familiar examples and properties of polyhedral products.	UNKNOWN
We consider a seller who offers services to a buyer with multi-unit demand.	UNKNOWN
Escherichia coli bacterium is a rod-shaped organism composed of a complex double membrane structure.	UNKNOWN
The settlement of the debts of various agents at the end of the contract period can be expressed as solutions of random fixed point equations.	UNKNOWN
In the first two sections, we examine the core motivation for our approach: resolving the grounding problem.	UNKNOWN
It is concluded that the absence of constraints on local rigid body rotation causes the non-uniqueness of displacement fields for a rectangular beam purely bent and a cantilever loaded at the end.	UNKNOWN
Finally, as government intervention in the market intensified throughout the 1930s, market efficiency declined as the war risk premium rose, especially from the time when the Pacific War became inevitable.	UNKNOWN
In order to achieve an improved tradeoff between complexity and performance, we propose a new framework to improve the performance of low complexity models via knowledge distillation from multiple large medical foundation models (e.g., MedSAM, RAD-DINO, MedCLIP), each specializing in different vision tasks, with the goal to effectively bridge the performance gap for medical image segmentation tasks.	UNKNOWN
In this note we strengthen some of the result from their work and prove new ones for members of this class.	UNKNOWN
While consistency models offer a promising approach for one-step generation, they often suffer from training instability and performance degradation when applied to policy learning.	UNKNOWN
In application, a fairness study of the Futurity bandits not only exposes the fraud of casinos for gamblers but also discloses discount marketing, bundled sales, or other induced consumption tactics.	UNKNOWN
Among others, we find that ultimate surpluses of Germany are quite concentrated in only three partners.	UNKNOWN
(5) Looking ahead, we identify several promising research directions worthy of further exploration and investment to continue advancing the field.	UNKNOWN
This approach allows the model to chain operations by iteratively broadcasting information between specialized domains, mimicking System-2 reasoning.	UNKNOWN
"For a stably framed Liouville manifold X , we construct a ""Donaldson-Fukaya category over the sphere spectrum"" F(X; S)."	UNKNOWN
Furthermore, we demonstrate that, in a lattice with a parity-time-symmetric non-Hermitian defect, the scale-free localization emerges because of spontaneous parity-time symmetry breaking.	UNKNOWN
For instance, given a quasi-median graph $X$, the \emph{crossing complex} $\mathrm{Cross}^\triangle(X)$ is the simplicial complex whose vertices are the hyperplanes (or $\theta$-classes) of $X$ and whose simplices are collections of pairwise transverse hyperplanes.	UNKNOWN
Superconducting quantum processors are one of the leading platforms for realizing scalable fault-tolerant quantum computation (FTQC).	UNKNOWN
The relationship between micro-structure and macro-structure of complex systems using information geometry has been dealt by several authors.	UNKNOWN
In this work, we propose an active learning approach to efficiently select prompt and preference pairs using a risk assessment strategy based on the Sharpe Ratio.	UNKNOWN
The implementation of the Clinton equations is qualitatively different for small and for large systems.	UNKNOWN
While many have observed anecdotal evidence linking decisions or oral arguments to abnormal stock returns, few have rigorously or systematically investigated the behavior of equities around Supreme Court actions.	UNKNOWN
